The editor of the German newspaper that broke the Panama Papers story said on Monday he did not know exactly where his team's source got the information but defended his decision to publish on the basis of the public interest.
Hopes the Italian government and top lenders will soon thrash out a plan for a state-backed fund to buy bad loans and plug capital shortfalls lifted banking shares on Monday, even though analysts warned the scheme would be no panacea. 
The commission tasked with protecting funds needed for closing down Germany's nuclear plants wants to decide on recommendations for the government at the end of April instead of this week, a commission source said.
Ukraine's likely new prime minister Volodymyr Groysman said on Monday that coalition members were assembling a reform-minded cabinet to root out corruption and cronyism, but it was not yet settled who would take the crucial post of finance minister. 
Investors are starting to look at Russia again after cutting off exposure amid geopolitical tensions two years ago, the head of Credit Suisse's $60 million Russian Equity Fund said.
The Bank of Italy said on Monday it is carrying out a routine inspection at the Italian offices of state-owned Bank of China.
Volkswagen is hoping to return to the bond market as early as May, people familiar with the matter said, aiming to raise billions of euros to replace the costly bank loan it has been relying on in the wake of its emissions test cheating scandal.
Ukraine has become "very volatile" since Prime Minister Arseny Yatseniuk resigned, the head of the Council of Europe said on Monday, calling for the swift formation of a new government and  speedier progress on reforms.
Defense Secretary Ash Carter gave an optimistic assessment Monday that the U.S military will be able to move ahead with agreements to cooperate more with India on aircraft carrier and other technology.
Saudi Arabia is to provide Egypt with 700,000 tonnes of petroleum products a month under a $23 billion (16 billion pounds) deal over five years between Saudi Aramco and the Egyptian General Petroleum Corp, an EGPC official said on Monday.
The British government says it is willing to put public money into a deal to save steel plants threatened with closure amid a glut of cheap Chinese imports.
None
Volkswagen is hoping to return to the bond market as early as May, people familiar with the matter said, aiming to raise billions of euros to replace the costly bank loan it has been relying on in the wake of its emissions test cheating scandal.
Defying opinion polls and expert predictions, Democratic hopeful Bernie Sanders aims to seize the party's White House nomination from Hillary Clinton's grasp with a last-ditch come-from-behind triumph in California.
A colonel from North Korea's military spy agency fled to South Korea last year in an unusual case of a senior-level defection, Seoul officials said Monday.
British insurer Rothesay Life has agreed to buy 6 billion pounds of annuities from the UK arm of Dutch insurer Aegon, its third such deal in the past 12 months.
President Barack Obama's nominee for the U.S. Supreme Court, Merrick Garland, has been characterized as a moderate who, if confirmed, would nudge his divided colleagues slightly to the left because he would replace conservative stalwart Antonin Scalia.
U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter began a three-day visit to India on Sunday, seeking to advance a relatively new defense relationship with a country Washington sees as a counterweight to the growing power of China.
As U.S. officials dealt with the fallout of the government's once-secret "Cuban Twitter" program, they had one thing on their side: notorious delays in the federal Freedom of Information Act.
When pondering how to keep low-level drug offenders out of jail, officials in Albany, New York, faced a challenge: How could they pay for a case manager to coax addicts onto the straight and narrow, sometimes by tracking them down on the streets?
Greece and its international lenders adjourned talks on a crucial bailout review early on Tuesday and will resume them immediately after this week's IMF spring meeting, the Greek finance minister said.
A brokerage firm has agreed to pay David Goode $5,000 in damages for denying his rental application because he received subsidies through the city’s H.I.V./AIDS Services Administration.
The tentative merger between the Fourth Estate and the Fifth Estate takes another step as the rules change in the business of unearthing secrets.
Laura Cumming’s book shows how a 19th-century bookseller let his infatuation with an artwork take over his life.
In his first interview with “Fox News Sunday” as president, Mr. Obama also said his administration would not interfere with the F.B.I.’s investigation of her private email server.
A colonel from North Korea's military spy agency fled to South Korea last year in a rare senior-level defection, Seoul officials said Monday.
Scanning a bank statement into a computer may not sound particularly high-tech, but it's unsettling some of Asia's private bankers.
The Bank of Italy is carrying out an on-site inspection at the Italian offices of Bank of China Ltd, a Chinese state-owned bank already facing accusations of aiding illicit money flows from Italy to China, a source familiar with the situation said.
Angolan investor Isabel dos Santos and Caixabank clinched a last-minute deal on Sunday for the Spanish bank to buy dos Santos' stake in Portugal's Banco BPI, which in turn will offload the controlling stake in its Angolan unit.
Algeria will launch a domestic debt issue in about a week as it seeks to diversify financing sources after the sharp drop in crude oil prices caused a fall in its energy earnings, government sources said on Sunday.
The European Commission will propose this month granting visa-free travel to Ukrainians despite a Dutch referendum vote against an EU-Ukraine agreement partly motivated by hostility to migration, a senior EU source said.
Protesters opposing the construction of a Chinese-backed, coal-fired power plant in Bangladesh agreed on Sunday to halt their activities for 15 days, defusing tensions after four demonstrators were killed last week.
Saudi Arabia's king addressed the Egyptian parliament on Sunday, the fourth day of a visit that saw the oil-rich kingdom pledge billions of dollars in investment and aid to Egypt but sparked an outcry over Cairo's intention to surrender sovereignty over two Red Sea islands to the Saudis.
Staff have been evacuated from three oil fields in eastern Libya because of fears of attacks by Islamic State militants, but production has not been affected because the fields are shut, oil and security officials said on Sunday.
The Russian air force and Syrian military are preparing a joint operation to take Aleppo from rebels, the Syrian prime minister was quoted saying on Sunday, and an opposition official said a ceasefire was on the verge of collapse.
Italy's largest banks will meet the Treasury and central bank on Monday to thrash out a plan to set up a state-backed fund to buy bad loans and plug capital shortfalls at its ailing banks, five sources familiar with the matter said on Sunday.
U.S. Defence Secretary Ash Carter began a three-day visit to India on Sunday, seeking to advance a relatively new defense relationship with a country Washington sees as a counterweight to the growing power of China.
Egypt is confident of luring back millions of foreign visitors and putting a smile on their faces, according to its new tourism minister, despite heavy first quarter losses and setbacks including a bomb that brought down a Russian passenger plane.
In 2009, Jasmine Li, whose grandfather was the fourth most powerful politician in China at the time, donned a floral Carolina Herrera gown and debuted at a ball in Paris. That same year, a British Virgin Islands company she would later come to own for $1 was born in an aging building in a red-light district of Hong Kong, just one example of the city's key role in helping the world's elite shuttle their wealth offshore.
The first season of “Billions” has been a bare-knuckled brawl fought by men with manicured hands.
Researchers believe that bleaching, which they attribute to heat stress compounded by climate change, is threatening more than a third of the planet’s reefs.
The collapse in oil prices has left oil-reliant Alaska with a multibillion-dollar budget deficit and few palatable options for digging its way out.
On divorce, Pope Francis renegotiates his church’s liberal-conservative divide.
Two years after admitting to accounting fraud, Olympus hired its cafeteria operator to handle a dispute with Chinese customs authorities. Soon after, the case was inexplicably dropped.
If the mail carrier arrested in Brooklyn in March had a prior record, we would be told of it, but information on those who inexplicably detained him was shrouded.
Relying on teachers and parents to identify candidates for gifted programs appears to discriminate against minority and poor children.
Four books celebrate self-expression and those who pursue imagination’s course. 
The nation’s fourth-largest city is no longer one gigantic steak platter for oil barons. Here are four restaurants that defy Houston stereotypes.
As refugees stream into Europe, and terror attacks spark security fears, one Bavarian village grapples with newcomers — and with the question of what it means to be German.
The sport is no longer America’s favorite pastime. Is it because of the rise of the N.B.A. and the N.F.L., or because of a racially coded obsession with “tradition”?
A new biography of the sixth president takes full advantage of the 14,000-page journal he kept.
The same year Jasmine Li, whose grandfather was the fourth-ranked politician in China at the time, donned a floral Carolina Herrera gown and debuted at a ball in Paris, a company called Harvest Sun Trading Ltd. was born in an aging building at the edge of Hong Kong's red light district. The next year Li bought the company for $1.
TransCanada Corp. said Saturday that it has completed repairs to its Keystone Pipeline, a week after the pipeline oozed thousands of gallons of Canadian crude into a South Dakota field.
A former University of Kansas running back who had been missing for a week has been found dead in a secluded area in central Missouri.
Cristina Fernandez, who stepped down as president of Argentina in December after eight years in office, has been officially accused by a prosecutor of money laundering, a court source said on Saturday.
The collapse in oil prices has left oil-reliant Alaska with a multibillion-dollar budget deficit and few palatable options for digging its way out.
Germany's powerful IG Metall engineering union wants jobs protected amid talk that Thyssenkrupp and India's Tata Steel could combine their European steel operations, a union official was quoted as saying on Saturday.
A ruling on extraditing a woman who is on the FBI's 10 Most Wanted fugitives list for the killing of her ex-boyfriend's new girlfriend in Texas could come anywhere from two to 12 months from now, a Mexican official said Saturday.
Rebels seized a town in southern Syria from groups loyal to Islamic State just a day after fighters captured another town from the hardline militants in a separate insurgent assault in the north, a rebel source and a monitoring group said.
President Barack Obama's nominee for the U.S. Supreme Court, Merrick Garland, has been characterized as a moderate who, if confirmed, would nudge his divided colleagues slightly to the left because he would replace conservative stalwart Antonin Scalia.
The grass in the fairways is nicer than the carpeting in most homes. If the 300 or so club members ever descended on New York en masse wearing their trademark jackets, they'd immediately be awarded a float in the St. Patrick's Day parade. The event always coincides with prime time for Georgia vegetation, with azaleas and dogwoods sprinkling color on a backdrop of pines, magnolias and Bermuda grass.
About one in eight water samples taken from the city’s public schools at the time contained lead concentrations above the federal threshold.
Privacy advocates applauded the decision not to hack into a terrorist’s phone, but the iPhone is more vulnerable as a result.
An alternative financing arrangement will let students pledge some of their future income for monetary assistance now.
In Tatyana Tenenbaum’s program, six performers use body and sound.
Cellphone providers challenged by the loss of potential customers and hurt by new taxes are trying to expand services and bring more Afghans online.
With its recently announced Twitter deal, the N.F.L. seems to be following the lead of the WWE’s streaming app.
A former State Department official finds fault with a two-part series on Hillary Clinton’s actions as secretary of state.
You do not have to be tied to the computer to keep your blog updated while you see the world.
The website BrokerCheck is a way to check a broker’s history, and it’s important, as 7 percent of them have at least one potential black mark.
Before he was indicted last May, former House Speaker Dennis Hastert was known primarily for rising from political obscurity in rural Illinois to the nation's third-highest office, which he occupied for eight years. Some key events in Hastert's life and career and the criminal case against him:
The Latest on an oil leak in South Dakota from the Keystone Pipeline (all times local):
Security researchers and civil liberties advocates on Friday condemned draft legislation leaked from the U.S. Senate that would let judges order technology companies to assist law enforcement agencies in breaking into encrypted data.
TransCanada said Friday that it has received conditional approval from the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Administration to restart its Keystone Pipeline after identifying the source of a small leak that has let about 16,800 gallons of oil seep into a South Dakota field.
Warsaw is strongly opposed to changes put forward by the European Union's executive to equalise pay between seconded and local workers and hopes to block them together with other poorer countries in the bloc, Polish diplomatic sources said.
France and Germany have joined Britain in suspending export credit facilities for Airbus jet deliveries, expanding the fallout from a potential corruption probe in Britain, several people familiar with the matter said on Friday.
Argentina will cap its first international bond in 15 years at $15 billion (&#163;10.6 billion), a source who saw a finance ministry presentation told IFR on Friday before the sovereign meets investors next week. 
A former Manhattan restaurant owner has been arrested on charges that he ran a $12 million Ponzi scheme, prosecutors said on Friday, in a case that a source said was linked to an ongoing corruption probe involving the New York Police Department.
France has complained to Algeria over its decision to deny a visa for a Le Monde reporter to cover a trip by French Prime Minister Manuel Valls to Algiers after the newspaper published details of Algerian officials named in the Panama Papers.
The owners of Swiss firm Global Blue are sounding out prospective bidders for their shopping tax-refund payment firm Global Blue, a deal that could value it at close to 2 billion euros (1.63 billion pound), sources familiar with the situation said on Friday.
China can cut its greenhouse gas emissions and generate electricity by treating the 30 million tonnes of sludge its wastewater plants produce each year, the think tank World Resources Institute (WRI) said.
An electric carsharing scheme being rolled out in London by French firm Bollore is taking longer than expected to set up fully because contract talks with the capital's local councils are dragging on.
None
Yahoo Inc has extended the deadline to bid for its businesses by a week to April 18, technology news website Re/code reported, citing people familiar with the matter.
Oil refineries are shifting into high gear to produce as much gasoline as possible for the world's fuel-hungry drivers - kicking the problem of a worsening diesel glut further down the road. 
The European Commission and Italy have reached a preliminary accord over the creation of a fund to help compensate savers hit last year by a state rescue of four small lenders, a commission spokesman said on Friday.
Thirteen North Koreans working at the same restaurant in a foreign country have defected to South Korea, Seoul officials said Friday.
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, visiting Baghdad on Friday, urged Iraq not to let its political crisis interfere with the fight against Islamic State and voiced unequivocal support for Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi.
A panel found that the United Nations compromised the lives and health of inhabitants of the camps, which were built on a toxic wasteland and had high levels of lead.
Economists are closely watching consumers’ behavior, as their spending has emerged as a main source of growth this year.
Jerzy Skolimowski’s film yields an illusion of simultaneous forward motion for events that are both extremely lucid and inscrutable.
Readers react to disclosures about the use of tax havens by prominent political figures and their families and associates worldwide.
While a securities fraud case awaits argument in the Supreme Court, a conflict remains over what is needed to prove a trading violation.
Political corruption in India and its deadly connection to the construction business.
Members of the state investment fund’s board of directors said they would offer their resignation after a parliamentary committee released its report.
Peru's presidential hopeful Keiko Fujimori slipped 3.1 points in an Ipsos poll seen by a source on Thursday, but she remained the race's clear frontrunner and her two closest rivals were nearly tied for second place ahead of Sunday's elections.
UK's Serious Fraud Office has initiated a criminal investigation into Tata Steel's operations, the Telegraph reported on Thursday.
Four high-ranking New York City Police Department commanders have been transferred in the midst of an ongoing city and federal corruption probe, Police Commissioner William Bratton said on Thursday.
Lawyers acting for Sumner Redstone have reached a preliminary settlement with an ex-girlfriend over a lawsuit that challenged the 92-year-old media mogul's mental competency, a person familiar with the situation said on Thursday. 
Market will react well to Banca Popolare di Vicenza's &lt;IPO-BPVS.MI&gt; 1.76 billion euro ($2 billion) share issue, sole guarantor UniCredit said on Thursday, despite a sell-off in Italian banking stocks.
Verizon Communications Inc is ready to make a bid for Yahoo's web business, and hopes to make a merger more successful by also making an offer for a stake in Yahoo's Japan subsidiary, Bloomberg reported on Thursday, citing a source familiar with the matter.
U.S. consumers borrowed at a modest pace in February for the second month in a row, evidence of ongoing caution that has kept a lid on spending this year.
Leftist presidential candidate Veronika Mendoza edged up in a poll ahead of Sunday's election in Peru but remains in a technical tie for second with Wall Street favorite Pedro Pablo Kuczynski, according to a survey from Datum seen by a source on Thursday.
Nigeria plans to split state oil company NNPC into two to help ease a planned stake sale and wants to sell at least 40 percent of a newly created National Petroleum Co (NPC) in coming years, according to a draft of a long-awaited oil bill seen by Reuters.
None
The Federal Bureau of Investigation's secret method for unlocking the iPhone 5c used by one of the San Bernardino shooters will not work on newer models, FBI Director James Comey said.
At least four people have made "credible allegations of sexual abuse" against former House Speaker Dennis Hastert, the Chicago Tribune reported Thursday, citing unidentified law enforcement sources.
Officials in Tennessee say a sewage leak that led to a major fish kill and high levels of E.coli bacteria in a creek and a lake has been stopped.
Russia staked out its claim on Thursday to be the lead player in brokering a settlement to the conflict between Azerbaijan and Armenia, a role it hopes will enhance its clout in a region where it competes for influence with Washington.
An electric carsharing scheme being rolled out in London by French firm Bollore is taking longer than expected to set up fully because contract talks with the capital's local councils are dragging on.
Dieudonn&#233; Sedogo waits patiently in line to see the doctor in the scorching 49-degree Celsius heat of this village in central Burkina Faso.
The Latest on Syria's civil war, diplomatic efforts to resolve the conflict and the upcoming round of peace talks in Geneva (all times local):
Egypt welcomed Saudi Arabia's monarch on a landmark visit to the Arab world's most populous country on Thursday, with Cairo seeking to boost ties and garner deals to prop up the nation's shaky economy despite some persistent divisions with the Sunni powerhouse.
In a brazen assault near the Syrian capital, Islamic State militants abducted 300 cement workers and contractors from their workplace northeast of Damascus on Thursday, as fighting against the extremist group raged in the country's north ahead of a new round of peace talks.
Cambodia's ambassador to South Korea was charged Thursday with corruption-related offenses, with investigators saying his assets increased by $3 million during his two years as envoy.
Lebanese police have detained an Australian film crew and accused them of involvement in a kidnapping of two children from their Lebanese father on behalf of their Australian mother. 
Former U.S. Open champion Juan Martin del Potro said he almost quit tennis after a succession of wrist injuries but still hopes he can regain his former powers.
The Dutch security minister battled to keep his job on Thursday as he faced criticism from across the political spectrum over his handling of counter-terrorism intelligence ahead of last month's suicide bombings in Brussels.
The European Union executive is considering whether to make U.S. and Canadian citizens apply for visas before travelling to the bloc, a move that could raise tensions as Brussels negotiates a trade pact with Washington.
Kenya has been given a one-month extension to comply with the World Anti-Doping Agency code and thereby avoid future sanctions, WADA said on Thursday.
A Bangladeshi company has suspended work on a planned Chinese-backed coal-fired power plant after four demonstrators opposing its construction were killed earlier this week, a senior company official said on Thursday.
The European Union started on Thursday to amass information about all so-called over-the-counter trades in the region's energy markets in a bid to crack down on suspected price manipulation.
Banking watchdogs across Europe have begun checking whether lenders have ties to a massive document leak from Panama that showed how offshore companies are used to stash clients' wealth.
A European Union official threatened Thursday to sanction Panama and other nations if they don't cooperate fully to fight money laundering and tax evasion, after a leak of data showed the small country remains a key destination for people who want to hide money.
Authorities in the sprawling Indonesian capital are cracking down on the exploitation of children after a raft of cases, from child labor to violence and sexual assault, was uncovered in recent weeks. 
Euro zone banks should be encouraged to keep more of their profits rather than pay dividends, to bolster their capital and finance new loans, the head of research of the Bank of International Settlements said on Thursday.
As many as three people were wounded when rocket fire from an Islamic State-controlled area in northern Syria entered Turkish territory, striking the border town of Kilis on Thursday, security sources.
Every Friday during the Alaska legislative session, a growing group of state lawmakers trades suit coats and sweater sets for a loose-fitting traditional Alaska Native garment commonly called a kuspuk (KUH'-spuhk).
As they continued to make their case in a suit demanding compensation similar to male players’, the Americans whipped outclassed Colombia while drawing another large audience.
Ramón Fonseca, a co-founder of Mossack Fonseca, proclaimed his firm’s innocence. But some say the leak’s contents are at odds with how he has tried to portray himself and his role in Panama.
In Kew Gardens, where Ms. Genovese’s 1964 murder became symbolic of witness apathy, the old neighborhood has a problem with that.
Huma Hanif, 17, was driving a Honda Civic last week outside Houston when she was involved in a minor accident that “caused the airbag to explode,” an officer said.
Republicans lash out at Donald Trump’s lower-middle-class backers, angry at the movement they created.
Companies are moving beyond the new currency idea of Bitcoin to focus on “distributed ledgers” where every piece of a global transaction is recorded.
The public works department in Memphis had identified erosion near a sewer line before it broke and began dumping 50 million gallons of untreated wastewater into a creek and a lake per day, leading to a massive fish kill and warnings of extremely high levels of the E. coli bacteria, officials said Wednesday.
Ali Allawi, whom Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi nominated last week to serve as finance minister in a new technocratic government, withdrew his candidacy on Wednesday, citing "political interventions and partisan bickering".
California Department of Justice agents have raided the home of David Daleiden, the anti-abortion activist who targeted women's healthcare group Planned Parenthood with a series of undercover videos, his attorney said on Wednesday.
None
Italian bank UniCredit looks set to go ahead with its deal to underwrite almost all of a 1.76 billion euro ($2 billion) share issue by smaller rival Popolare di Vicenza, two sources said, amid market concerns about a possible delay.
The U.N. envoy to Libya has urged a rapid, complete handover of power to a unity government that arrived in Tripoli a week ago, warning that a fragile peace in the city may not hold if the new government is unable to deliver.
London-based credit-focused hedge fund firm Numen Capital has hired Egerton Capital investment analyst Marcello Sallusti to launch a new fund, three sources told Reuters.
Kathryn Sargent made history on Wednesday by becoming the first female master tailor to open her own shop in London's prestigious Savile Row.
Facebook Inc on Wednesday expanded its live video product, Facebook Live, giving the feature prominent placement on its app and rolling out features to make it easier for users to search and comment in real time.
Iceland's two government coalition parties have decided to keep working together and will appoint a new prime minister, a well placed source within the government told Reuters on Wednesday.
French President Francois Hollande on Wednesday appointed to a different post a diplomat he had originally nominated as ambassador to the Holy See, who media said had been rejected by the Vatican because he was gay.
Dozens of journalists at oil-price reporting agency Argus Media are set to become multi-millionaires when a deal to bring an investor onboard goes through later this year, potentially valuing the firm at as much as $1.3 billion.
Deutsche Bank has suspended five wealth management executives, a source familiar with the matter said. 
Big airlines are making waves in the oil market for the first time since prices went into a tailspin nearly two years ago, betting this may be their best chance to lock in cheap jet fuel for years to come, industry and market sources say.
When a founder of a tech startup wants to buy a home but has all his money parked in illiquid stock, or a pro-athlete wants to buy a Porsche but has not yet received his guaranteed payout, Morgan Stanley wants to be the lender they turn to.
South Africa's First National Bank (FNB) has closed the accounts of a company owned by the wealthy Gupta family, the latest example of companies cutting ties with the Guptas following allegations over their relationship with President Jacob Zuma. 
Islamic State fighters launched attacks on government-held areas near Damascus overnight in what a Syrian source said appeared to be a response to the group's loss of ground elsewhere. 
High fees. Conflicts of interest. Inappropriate investments.
Prime Minister David Cameron, his wife and their children will  not benefit in future from any offshore funds or trusts, a spokesman said on Wednesday as the British leader faced more questions over family tax affairs.
China's top carmaker SAIC Motor Corp and Great Wall Motor, its biggest maker of SUVs, are spearheading the country's first major push into India, one of the world's fastest growing auto markets, as growth at home stagnates.
The Syrian army and its allies launched a major attack on insurgents south of Aleppo, described as the fiercest government assault in the area since an agreement to ease the fighting came into effect in February.
The outgoing head of Air France-KLM said on Wednesday he was no longer worried about the airline's survival, but his departure leaves an elusive successor facing a challenging task to complete its turnaround, airline industry sources said.
Lawmakers in numerous states have advanced measures this year that would strengthen religious protections for individuals, organizations or some businesses that decline to provide services to same-sex couple based on their religious beliefs.
They line up daily by the dozens in the breezy courtyard of a mosque just outside the Iraqi city of Irbil's main bazaar &#8212; displaced people from across Iraq, hoping for a hot meal.
U.S. drugmaker Pfizer Inc and Ireland-based Allergan Plc walked away from their $160 billion merger on Wednesday, a major win for President Barack Obama, who has been pushing to curb deals in which companies move overseas to cut taxes.
This week, a Lyon family that looked irreparably divided mere days ago seems to have come together.
Corrections appearing in print on Wednesday, April 6, 2016.
Growth picked up last month at United States services companies, which have been a source of strength for the American economy.
The leaked files reveal an industry that flourishes in the gaps and holes of international finance.
“We’re very interested,” replied an investigative reporter at a German newspaper in response to an email more than a year ago from an anonymous whistle-blower.
This documentary examines the controversies over Arendt’s coverage of the Eichmann war crimes trial and her writings on totalitarianism.
BlackRock campaigned against the G-Resources Group, a gold-mining company that was selling its mining assets to become a financial services firm.
Why a new law seeks to criminalize any questioning of the official figure of three million dead in the 1971 war.
The top censored phrases monitored on Weibo all appeared to be related to the leaks: tax evasion, file, leaked, Putin and company.
All eyes were on Braden Holtby in his first chance to tie Martin Brodeur's single-season wins record. Then, New York Islanders rookie Christopher Gibson stole the show at the other end.

Puerto Rico's House of Representatives on Tuesday debated a bill to halt debt payments, while a government official fired back at creditors who suggested the U.S. territory was shirking efforts to hold restructuring talks.
Amazon.com Inc is set to release a higher-end Kindle version with a rechargeable protective case for a better battery life, the Wall Street Journal reported on Tuesday, citing a person familiar with the matter.
Eight auto companies currently make cars and trucks at 17 factories Mexico. Here's list of the plants, their locations and the vehicles they make:
A 9-year-old reporter who wrote about a suspected murder in her small Pennsylvania town is defending herself after some locals lashed out about a young girl covering violent crimes and said she should be playing with dolls.
The U.S. Justice Department will file a lawsuit as soon as this week to stop oilfield services provider Halliburton Co from acquiring smaller rival Baker Hughes Inc, a source familiar with the matter said on Tuesday.
Are virtual models and digital imagery the next stages of this romance?
Drugmaker Pfizer Inc is leaning towards abandoning its $160 billion agreement to buy Allergan Plc in light of the U.S. Treasury's new measures to curb such tax evading deals, a source familiar with the situation said on Tuesday.
Italy is considering setting up a state-backed fund that would help troubled lenders by buying up bad loans and plug capital shortfalls, three sources close to the matter said, as the government looks for ways to shore up its ailing banks.
Drugmaker Pfizer Inc is leaning toward abandoning its $160 billion agreement to buy Allergan Plc in light of the U.S. Treasury's new measures to curb such tax evading deals, a source familiar with the situation said on Tuesday.
Pakistan's Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif addressed the nation by television on Tuesday to defend his family's business practices, denying any wrongdoing and calling corruption claims "old accusations repeated over and over again".
The acting associate attorney general at the U.S. Justice Department, Stuart Delery, will be leaving his job on April 14, Attorney General Loretta Lynch said on Tuesday.
A government body has issued notices to China, Japan and South Korea proposing to initiate a probe on the 'dumping' of some steel products into India, a source said.
Italian authorities and the chief executives of lenders UniCredit and Intesa Sanpaolo discussed the looming capital increases to be undertaken by Banca Popolare di Vicenza and Veneto Banca, a source close to the matter said. 
U.S. drug maker Pfizer Inc's agreed on Tuesday to terminate its $160 billion agreement to acquire Botox maker Allergan Plc, in a major victory to U.S. President Barack Obama's drive to stop tax-dodging corporate mergers.
Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban, a fierce critic of German Chancellor Angela Merkel's open-door migrant policy, is to visit her former mentor Helmut Kohl later this month, raising eyebrows among German politicians.
Here's a wine country secret that can help you raise your glass and your heart rate. Along with the Napa Valley's famous wine-tasting trails, there are miles of scenic trails of the hiking variety, beckoning visitors who want to exercise more than their palates.
Growth picked up last month at U.S. services companies, which have been a source of strength for the American economy.
Italian luxury brand Gucci announced on Tuesday it will unify its women's and men's collections starting from next year in an effort to simplify the designer's business.  
The NFL has picked Twitter to stream its Thursday night games.
Walt Disney Co Chief Executive Bob Iger could be asked to postpone his retirement a third time to help smooth the transition to a new leader of the storied media company, analysts suggested after Monday's surprise resignation of Chief Operating Officer Tom Staggs.
All signs suggest a meeting of oil-producing countries on April 17 will deliver an agreement to freeze output, Kuwait's OPEC governor and two sources said, suggesting Iran's aim to raise supply will not scupper a deal aimed at supporting prices.
The man who spearheaded a board coup at Darden has stepped down after a surprisingly strong quarter at the restaurant chain topped a sustained rebound for the company.
Syria's military said a Syrian warplane was shot down by a surface-to-air missile in Aleppo province and that its pilot ejected, state media reported.
Donald Trump would try to force Mexico to pay for a border wall by targeting billions of dollars in remittances sent by immigrants living in the U.S., according to a memo released by his campaign Tuesday.
A former top Chinese general will be tried in a military court on charges he took bribes, the county's military said Tuesday, in what is believed to be the highest-level prosecution of a military figure in decades.
Rebels shot down a second Syrian warplane in less than a month on Tuesday and a monitoring group said they captured its pilot in an area near Aleppo where heavy fighting has erupted in recent days despite a cessation of hostilities agreement.
Rebels shot down a second Syrian warplane in less than a month on Tuesday and a monitoring group said they captured its pilot in an area near Aleppo where heavy fighting has erupted in recent days despite a cessation of hostilities agreement.
An Indonesian group including prominent businessman Arifin Panigoro has agreed to buy a controlling stake in Newmont Mining Corp's local metals operations in a deal that industry insiders say could reach $2 billion (1.4 billion pounds). 
China has banned most imports of North Korean coal and iron ore, the country's main exports, in a significant increase in pressure on the North under U.N. sanctions against its nuclear and missile tests.
Growth in Ireland's services strengthened in March, a survey showed on Tuesday, but new business from abroad expanded at the slowest pace in almost four years as weaker sterling affected some exporters.
Employer-based insurance has held firm for the last five years, and federal officials predict it will continue to remain strong.
The meeting in Brussels in February was an attempt to correct gaps in Belgium’s widely criticized ability to track terrorist plots, American officials said.
Compensation based largely on stock price performance probably played a role in the behavior that led to the drug company’s rise and stunning fall.
Data USA, a project by the M.I.T. Media Lab and Deloitte, is free to use and its software code is open source, so that developers can build custom applications.
A debate over window caulking with the toxic chemical compounds has divided a California school district and parents like Cindy Crawford.
India is firing dozens of foreign-funded health experts working inside the government, seen as part of a broader clampdown to reduce the influence of non-government organizations (NGOs) on policy.
The surprise withdrawal of Afghan forces from parts of Helmand province may leave large areas under Taliban control, but it should bolster the defenses of the volatile southern region, the country's top defense official said.
A Colombian man who had a role in what prosecutors said were efforts to transport drugs and help a terror group obtain weapons to build a dirty bomb to attack Americans was sentenced Monday to 13 years in prison.
Tom Staggs, the veteran Walt Disney Co executive who had been widely seen as the media company's next CEO, will step down on May 6 as the board expands its search for a successor to Bob Iger, Disney said on Monday.
A Colombian who pleaded guilty to U.S. narcotics charges stemming from a probe that began with him trying to help a paramilitary group get uranium for a "dirty bomb" to attack the U.S. embassy in Bogota was sentenced to 13 years in prison.
Satellite imagery indicates activity at a North Korean laboratory that could separate plutonium for nuclear weapons, a U.S. website that monitors sensitive sites in the isolated country said Monday.
Creditors of Puerto Rico's Government Development Bank on Monday sued to stop it from distributing money to creditors in what they call "preferential transfers" ahead of the GDB's May 1 debt payment that Puerto Rico's governor says may not be payable.
An aviation dean and a marketing professor ranked the largest 13 U.S. airlines after analyzing 2015 U.S. Department of Transportation figures for on-time flights, lost baggage, bumping passengers off flights, and complaint rates:
India's growing shoe industry relies on women who work from home, earn less than the minimum wage and lack any legal rights, activists said, urging companies importing from India to check their supply chains for signs of labor exploitation.
Italian defence company Finmeccanica will finalise a multi-billion contract from Kuwait for 28 Eurofighter jets on Tuesday, two sources close to the deal told Reuters on Monday.
Italian fashion house Versace said on Monday that Anthony Vaccarello would step down as creative director of its Versus Versace brand, in a move seen as a prelude for the Belgian designer to join Yves Saint Laurent.
An aviation dean and a marketing professor ranked the largest 13 U.S. airlines after analyzing 2015 U.S. Department of Transportation figures for on-time flights, lost baggage, bumping passengers off flights, and complaint rates:
Airbus faces a freeze on new applications for the use of British government export credits after the country's export finance authority said it had referred the planemaker's use of overseas agents to British fraud investigators.
China's first batch of debt-to-equity swaps is expected to "resolve" 1 trillion yuan (109 billion pounds) in potential bad banking debt in three years or less, media group Caixin reported on Monday, citing an unnamed policy banking source.
None
The Latest on the publication by a coalition of media outlets of an investigation into offshore financial dealings by the rich and famous (all times local):
More than 800 wealthy Australians are under investigation by the Australian Taxation Office for possible tax evasion linked to their alleged dealings with a Panamanian law firm, the tax agency said on Monday.
Governments across the world began investigating possible financial wrongdoing by the rich and powerful on Monday after a leak of four decades of documents from a Panamanian law firm that specialised in setting up offshore companies.
The head of a Panama-based law firm at the center of a massive leak of offshore financial data on Sunday denied any wrongdoing, and said his firm has fallen victim to "an international campaign against privacy".
Years of safety lapses as well as petty annoyances reveal how a grand vision of American liberalism has collided with reality.
News media outlets said the documents revealed the accounts of 140 politicians, including figures with close ties to President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia.
There could be important consequences if such emissions are falling more than a decade earlier than expected, but finding the answer is difficult.
The mayor of Philadelphia thinks a tax will go down easier when it’s about raising money for something, not just about making people drink less soda.
Australian author, journalist and speech writer for the center-left Labor Party Bob Ellis died at his Sydney home of liver cancer on Sunday, his son said. He was 73 years old.
Samsung Bioepis Co Ltd, which aims to become a force in the fledgling biosimilar drugs industry, has filed a lawsuit against the originator of the world's best-selling drug, to stop it blocking the launch of its own version.
A prominent leader in Syrian al Qaeda offshoot Nusra Front was killed on Sunday in what rebel sources said appeared to be a U.S. drone strike in the rebel-held northwestern province of Idlib.
A leak of 11.5 million documents from a Panama-based law firm offers a glimpse into the shadowy world where the rich and powerful hide their money, raising sharp questions about the use of shell companies that obscure the identities of their true owners.
None
A fire ripped through a Russian Defence Ministry building in central Moscow on Sunday, sending plumes of smoke over the Russian capital as fire fighters battled to extinguish the blaze.
Syrian and allied forces backed by Russian air strikes drove Islamic State militants out of the town of al-Qaryatain on Sunday after encircling it over the past few days, Syria's military command said. 
The closure of Tata Steel's operations in Britain would leave a hole in manufacturers' supply chains, dealing a blow to thousands of smaller firms across the country and creating a logistical headache for the car industry. 
Britain said on Sunday that UK steel producers must be considered for infrastructure and other government contracts involving steel supplies, as part of plans to find a long-term solution to a crisis in the industry. 
The season’s next-to-last episode turns out to be an atypically somber affair.
In a rare interview, Atta Muhammad Noor, the most powerful Tajik politician in northern Afghanistan, discussed his take on factional tensions.
Readers discuss whether one can express certainty about the existence of God.
Those who lived through slavery were human beings, not abstractions.
The heaviest fighting in years broke out in the Armenian separatist enclave, involving tanks, artillery and aircraft.
A matchless delivery system that began nearly 200 years ago delivers safe, delicious water to the 9.5 million people of the five boroughs and surrounding counties.
A part of the “Art of the Real” documentary series at Film Society of Lincoln Center showcases this avant-garde Canyon Cinema innovator.
Information that can be gathered from novel sources, using algorithms, can help determine the best places to spend limited resources.
New books by Greg Jackson, Irina Kovalyova, Callan Wink, Amy Gustine and Amina Gautier.
The Wall Street giant is trying to change its public image and be thought of as a tech company. No one is more central to this effort than Martin Chavez.
The author of ‘Running With Scissors’ has a new memoir and a very old house.
To woo wealthy buyers, developers are lavishing apartments with extravagant fixtures and finishes. Spend to make money, as they say.
This corner of the book world is red hot and among the most innovative, with e-books and apps, and it needs a steady stream of fresh-faced cover models.
With a sense of racing against time, composers are conducting field research with the goal of preserving or celebrating lost tongues in their work.
After racking up a historic N.B.A. season, the team’s owners — most of them from Silicon Valley — think their management style deserves some of the credit. Are they right?
Xu Xiang was a legend in the country’s booming stock market — until the bubble he helped to create took him down with it.
I looked up from my breakfast. We were sitting in a diner in August of 2000, on the second day of U.S. Senate candidate Hillary Clinton's three-day tour of Long Island, and I was feeling slightly bummed out. I had planned to finish three stories while she was out here, the first a straightforward piece about her campaigning on Republican opponent Rick Lazio's home turf, the second a feature story about the political instincts of her daughter, Chelsea, who was campaigning with her, and the third, a fun, light feature story about the candidates' "favorites" -- favorite junk food, favorite color, favorite book.
Blue Bell Creameries told federal inspectors that it believes that listeria bacteria spread at its Oklahoma plant through a drainage system, but the company said it couldn't identify a single source of listeria that contaminated equipment at its flagship facility in the Central Texas town of Brenham.
Syrian rebels and the al Qaeda-affiliated Nusra Front have mounted an offensive against Syrian government forces and on Saturday took a strategic hill south of Aleppo from government control, a monitoring group said.
Last month American Jews cheered a demagogue. This is the wrong moment to forget.
Syrian troops have identified 45 bodies so far in a mass grave found in the city of Palmyra after it was recaptured from Islamic State, a military source told Reuters on Saturday. 
Islamic State militants retreating from Palmyra laid thousands of mines that they planned to set off simultaneously as the army moved in, a Syrian officer told Reuters in the ancient city after its recapture from the jihadist fighters.
The U.S. Navy plans to conduct another passage near disputed islands in the South China Sea in early April, a source familiar with the plan said on Friday, the third in a series of challenges that have drawn sharps rebukes from China.
In a risk assessment, the agency tested 76 infant rice cereals and found that about half had more inorganic arsenic than the proposed limit of 100 parts per billion.
Baba Ramdev has emerged as the leader of the “Baba Cool Movement” — a group of spiritual men who are marketing health-based products based on the ancient Indian medicinal system.
The unity government, which landed by boat on Wednesday, appears to be getting some support from other factions.
Interviews and child-protection records document a failure of oversight by government agencies that shared responsibility for the welfare of children placed in the care of Cesar Gonzales-Mugaburu on Long Island.
A new book argues that not only is there a news crisis, but, less persuasively, that there is a need for government to remedy that.
Do trade agreements hurt or benefit Americans? Readers offer varying opinions.
The president questioned Mr. Trump’s fitness for office in comments made after a meeting of more than 50 world leaders to discuss nuclear security.
A vague Chinese regulation allows insurance companies to make overseas investments of less than 15 percent of their assets, but it has wiggle room.
The collective weight of all post-9/11 C.I.A. memoirs could collapse a bookshelf, but Douglas Laux brings a raw perspective to the canon.
The U.S. Navy plans to conduct another passage near disputed islands in the South China Sea in early April, a source familiar with the plan said on Friday, the third in series of challenges that have drawn sharps rebukes from China. 
Automakers released their U.S. sales for March on Friday. These were the top selling cars and trucks, the number sold and the percent change from March of 2015.
A Romanian hacker known as "Guccifer" who posted unofficial emails sent to then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on the Internet was extradited from Romania and made his first court appearance in the United States on Friday.
A broken sewage line is dumping up to 50 million gallons of untreated wastewater per day into a Mississippi River tributary in Tennessee, and federal environmental officials said Friday they are monitoring the situation.
A broken sewage line is dumping up to 50 million gallons of untreated wastewater per day into a Mississippi River tributary in Tennessee, and federal environmental officials say they are monitoring the situation.
The Food and Drug Administration on Friday urged the food industry to reduce the already tiny amount of arsenic found in baby rice cereals.
Recent veterans took a hit in the job market in March.
From launching heli-skiing in Alaska to helping popularize backcountry skiing and revolutionizing its gear, Doug Coombs left an indelible mark on skiing.
With materials old and new, designers are creating conversation pieces.
Retail, construction and health care went on a hiring spree last month. The three sectors combined accounted for almost two-thirds of total U.S. job gains in March.
Talks between Orange and Bouygues on a deal to create a dominant French telecoms operator collapsed on Friday, ending an attempt to ease a price war that has ravaged operators' margins.
French luxury group Kering is expected to announce as soon as Monday that Belgian designer Anthony Vaccarello will be the new creative director of fashion brand Yves Saint Laurent, a source told Reuters on Friday.
Brazilian iron ore miner Vale SA is finalizing a proposal to sell its 26.87 percent stake in a steel slab plant that cost nearly $10 billion to build to Germany&#8217;s Thyssenkrupp for $1 plus the assumption of some debt, a source close to the deal said.
Donald Trump is facing bipartisan pressure to adopt a more presidential tone in his White House run including from Democratic President Barack Obama and Republicans who worry his missteps may do irreparable harm to the party and his campaign. 
French, Germans and Britons make up the highest number of foreign fighters in the Syrian rebel ranks from European countries, but Belgium is the largest contributor in proportion to its population, a Dutch study shows.
For Kim Wong, the Chinese casino owner in the Philippines entangled in one of the world's largest bank heists, there are two golden rules for dealing with wealthy punters: always demand to see their money, but never ask where it came from. 
A new case of Ebola has been confirmed in Liberia, the World Health Organization said Friday, a setback for the country which had been declared free from Ebola transmissions in January.
Amazon.com and Microsoft are in talks to supply cloud computing to digital mapping business HERE, owned by a group of German carmakers developing self-driving cars, sources familiar with the matter said.
The man nominated to be Iraq's new oil minister is a Kurdish petroleum geologist who could end a bitter dispute with the northern self-rule region and free up more oil exports through a pipeline to Turkey.
Foreign companies with dominant market positions could be increasingly forced to license technology to competitors or face sanctions under China's latest draft antitrust policy guidelines, according to foreign business groups and attorneys.
A woman has died of Ebola in Liberia, months after the West African nation was declared free of the virus and weeks after neighboring Guinea also recorded a new flare-up, health officials said on Friday.
Standard Chartered, struggling to recoup a $1 billion (0.69 billion pounds) loan extended to one of Indonesia's richest men, has hit fresh trouble after a Jakarta court excluded it from a key creditor list and raised doubts over the validity of the underlying deal.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Saudi Arabia on Sunday is part of a diplomatic effort to put pressure on arch rival Pakistan by forging ties with some of Islamabad's closest allies, Indian ruling party and government officials said.
LG Display will supply information displays for Tesla Motors' new Model 3 sedans, a person with direct knowledge of the matter said, grabbing a key contract for center consoles from another supplier.
British manufacturing growth edged up in March from its weakest level in nearly three years, a survey showed on Friday, suggesting the sector will contribute little to economic growth in early 2016.
The Ankara Chief Prosecutor has launched an investigation into the Turkish unit of Swiss drugmaker Novartis, local media reported on Friday, after allegations it benefited from bribery.
Thyssenkrupp's supervisory board has not yet discussed a possible tie-up of its European steel operations with those of Tata Steel, a source familiar with the situation said on Friday.
As China opened one of its six dams on the upper Mekong River last month to help parched Southeast Asian countries down river cope with a record drought, it was hailed as benevolent water diplomacy.
India's Tata Steel and Germany's Thyssenkrupp have been talking about combining their European steel operations, a person aware of the talks said on Friday.
Authorities in Monaco raided the offices of energy services company Unaoil and the homes of its directors after Britain sought help investigating alleged corruption in the global oil industry.
Activity in China's manufacturing activity unexpectedly expanded in March for the first time in nine months, an official survey showed on Friday, adding to hopes that downward pressure on the world's second-largest economy is easing.
Anbang Insurance Group Co's unexpected withdrawal this week of its $14 billion offer to buy Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Worldwide Inc is a wider blow to the unprecedented drive by Chinese companies to acquire North American and European assets.
Americans are flooding back into the job market at the fastest pace since before the Great Recession, encouraged by steady hiring and some signs of higher pay.
In Seattle, job growth is steroidal. But I ignore the usual measurements of what makes a city robust. Could Kramer from ‘Seinfeld’ live here?
For many Hispanics, drinking soda or bottled water is cultural and a hard habit to break, even if they come to live where the water is clean and healthy.
Nearly a quarter of samples collected in school buildings in the district last week had concentrations above the federal threshold.
Alexander Sokurov’s unsettling film examines efforts by the Louvre’s director and a Nazi conservator to protect the Louvre’s collection.
Carli Lloyd, Alex Morgan and Hope Solo are among those contending that they are the driving economic force for U.S. Soccer but are paid far less than men’s players.
What set the Hungarian writer apart from others was his insistence on describing Auschwitz and Buchenwald without outrage, especially in his definitive work, “Fateless.”
Activity in China's manufacturing activity unexpectedly expanded in March for the first time in nine months, an official survey showed on Friday, adding to hopes that downward pressure on the world's second-largest economy is easing.
China and the United States have agreed to work together to investigate and try to stop efforts to smuggle nuclear material and on other evolving nuclear security issues, the two countries said in a joint statement at the start of a global summit.
Fiercely proud of its reputation as one of the most environmentally minded cities in America, Portland is reeling from the discovery of poisonous heavy metal "hot spots" in the air and ground.
Amazon is in talks with a consortium of German carmakers about taking a stake in high-definition digital mapping company HERE, two auto industry sources familiar with the matter said on Thursday.
Lebanese security forces have broken up a human trafficking network and freed 75 girls, mostly Syrians, they said were beaten and forced into prostitution.
None
London-based hedge fund firm Arrowgrass Capital Partners has amassed over $600 million (417 million pounds) for a mergers and acquisitions fund which launched in October, a source with direct knowledge of the matter said on Thursday.
The U.K.-based foundation that awarded a Palestinian schoolteacher a $1 million prize for preaching nonviolence is sticking by its choice following revelations that the woman's husband participated in an attack that killed at least six Israelis three decades ago.
Palmyra's renowned Temple of Bel, blown up by Islamic State last year, is not beyond repair but the full extent of damage in the ancient city could take weeks to establish because of mines laid amid the ruins, Syria's antiquities chief said.
None
The Latest on the nuclear security summit convened by President Barack Obama in Washington (all times local):
The wedding party dominated a ski resort nestled in the hills about an hour's drive north of St. Petersburg. No expense was spared and everyone was sworn to secrecy. The happy couple rode in a traditional Russian sleigh drawn by three white horses, said one of the workers who described the scene to Reuters.
Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump made a surprise closed-door visit to the Republican National Committee on Thursday after a tumultuous two days on the campaign trail that included a reversal of his pledge to support the party's nominee.
The Associated Press has withdrawn a story transmitted Thursday about Libya's U.N.-brokered unity government threatening to send the names of 17 of the country's rival politicians, militia leaders and religious figures to the international police organization Interpol and the U.N. Security Council. The story must be removed from all systems and platforms.
With its acquisition of Japan's Sharp Corp, Foxconn aims to gain access to promising technology for high-end OLED screens likely to be used in future devices from Apple Inc, the electronics assembler's biggest customer.
The chronic air pollution blanketing much of northern India is now threatening the holiest shrine in the Sikh religion, making the once-gleaming walls of the Golden Temple dingy and dull.
Orange and Bouygues have given themselves until Sunday to salvage a merger between France's dominant telecom operator and Bouygues Telecom, citing lack of progress ahead of a Thursday deadline.
Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak's brother received $7 million in funds that was transferred to his personal bank account from Najib's before the country's 2013 elections, the Wall Street Journal said, citing investigation documents.
Britain will ship 700 kilograms of nuclear waste to the United States under a deal to be announced by Prime Minister David Cameron at a nuclear security summit in Washington on Thursday, a British government source said.
O'SHEA--Rev. Howard V. O.F.M.,Franciscan priest and Catholic chaplain at Brown University from 1967-1994, died on March 26th in Wyckoff, NJ. He was 88. He is survived by the members of his Franciscan community, loving cousins, nieces and nephews, and is remembered by hundreds of friends. Born William Francis O'Shea in Cambridge, MA, the second son of Edward and Mary O'Shea, he grew up in Belmont, MA with his late brothers, Edward and Robert, and attended Phillips Academy Andover before joining the US Army in 1945. He studied Japanese at Yale University in preparation for deployment in the Pacific before the end of World War II. After leaving the army, he graduated with a degree in English from Harvard College in 1949, and worked as a reporter for United Press International, before he found his lifelong calling in the Franciscan Order, where he was ordained a priest in 1958, taking the name Howard Vincent. He taught philosophy and theology at Saint Joseph's Seminary, Saint Francis College, and Holy Name College, before being named the first full-time Catholic chaplain at Brown, where he served as a source of inspiration, strength, and wisdom for thousands of students for 27 years. During decades of change in American Catholic life beginning with the transformation of the Church spurred by Vatican II and the turbulent 1960s campus protests, Fr. O'Shea was a beacon of compassion and an energetic advocate of spiritual renewal. A supporter of greater ecumenical understanding, he was known for his passionate activism and broad-minded generosity. He loved working with students and was himself always young at heart. Throughout his ministry, he bore witness to Saint Francis' commitment to peace and to love for all those seeking God's mercy. Fr. O'Shea left Brown in 1994 and served as Chaplain for Foreign Students in the Archdiocese of Aix-en- Provence in France, taking daily bike rides around the countryside. During summers, he provided relief for overworked priests in need of vacation by running parishes in England and Sweden, and he touched each new community with his gentleness and joy. Fr. O'Shea retired from full-time ministry in 2011 and lived at Saint Anthony Shrine in Boston until 2015. Even in his last months, he continued to befriend those around him, and he found strength and peace in his faith. Funeral services will be held at St. Anthony Shrine, 100 Arch Street, Boston, MA on Thursday, March 31, 2016. 1/3
Repairs to Washington’s aging subway could require the closure of entire rail lines for months at a time, the system’s chairman said Wednesday.
Game apps show off the graphics ability of Apple’s new, smaller iPhone and iPad Pro, and some productivity apps are well suited to the devices.
Despite the appeal of the nascent product, any revenue gain for broadcasters remains a vague promise.
In his final column, Nick Bilton reflects on the pros and cons of things like social networks and driverless cars, as well as their human side.
Researchers found that Chinese government readings were accurate, compared with U.S. consular readings, but that pollution remained above international standards.
SoundCloud’s $10-a-month service will give users access to millions more songs and allow them to listen offline.
<!-- HOWARD OSHEA -->O'SHEA--Rev. Howard V.<br/><br/> O.F.M., Franciscan priest and Catholic chaplain at Brown University from 1967-1994, died on March 26th in Wyckoff, NJ. He was 88. He is survived by the members of his Franciscan community, loving cousins, nieces and nephews, and is remembered by hundreds of friends. Born William Francis O'Shea in Cambridge, MA, the second son of Edward and Mary O'Shea, he grew up in Belmont, MA with his late brothers, Edward and Robert, and attended Phillips Academy Andover before joining the US Army in 1945. He studied Japanese at Yale University in preparation for deployment in the Pacific before the end of World War II. After leaving the army, he graduated with a degree in English from Harvard College in 1949, and worked as a reporter for United Press International, before he found his lifelong calling in the Franciscan Order, where he was ordained a priest in 1958, taking the name Howard Vincent. He taught philosophy and theology at Saint Joseph's Seminary, Saint Francis College, and Holy Name College, before being named the first full-time Catholic chaplain at Brown, where he served as a source of inspiration, strength, and wisdom for thousands of students for 27 years. During decades of change in American Catholic life beginning with the transformation of the Church spurred by Vatican II and the turbulent 1960s campus protests, Fr. O'Shea was a beacon of compassion and an energetic advocate of spiritual renewal. A supporter of greater ecumenical understanding, he was known for his passionate activism and broad-minded generosity. He loved working with students and was himself always young at heart. Throughout his ministry, he bore witness to Saint Francis' commitment to peace and to love for all those seeking God's mercy. Fr. O'Shea left Brown in 1994 and served as Chaplain for Foreign Students in the Archdiocese of Aix-en- Provence in France, taking daily bike rides around the countryside. During summers, he provided relief for overworked priests in need of vacation by running parishes in England and Sweden, and he touched each new community with his gentleness and joy. Fr. O'Shea retired from full-time ministry in 2011 and lived at Saint Anthony Shrine in Boston until 2015. Even in his last months, he continued to befriend those around him, and he found strength and peace in his faith. Funeral services will be held at St. Anthony Shrine, 100 Arch Street, Boston, MA on Thursday, March 31, 2016.<br><br>
 
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un is poised to declare his signature ruling policy during a rare party congress in May and  despite tough new U.N. sanctions, it is likely to be the twin pursuit of nuclear prowess and economic development.
Britain will ship 700 kilograms of nuclear waste to the United States under a deal to be announced by Prime Minister David Cameron at a nuclear security summit in Washington on Thursday, a British government source said.
The FBI may be allowed to withhold information about how it broke into an iPhone belonging to a gunman in the December San Bernardino shootings, despite a U.S. government policy of disclosing technology security flaws discovered by federal agencies. 
Still reeling from attacks in Brussels and Paris, world leaders are wrestling this week with the chilling prospect of the Islamic State group or other extremists unleashing a nuclear attack on a major Western city.
Global asset manager BlackRock Inc is planning to cut about 400 jobs, or 3 percent of its workforce, as it redirects resources to growth areas, a person familiar with the matter said on Wednesday.
Guarantor UniCredit is considering whether to delay Banca Popolare di Vicenza's 1.76-billion euro ($20 billion) rights issue, currently slated for April, if market conditions do not improve, three sources close to the matter said.
To commemorate the centenary of Alberto Ginastera's birth, orchestras around the world are delving into his opus.
Burger King France's owner has decided to put its Quick burger chain in Belgium and Luxembourg up for sale, a source close to the deal said on Wednesday.
OPEC oil output is rising in March, a Reuters survey found, as higher supply from Iran after the lifting of sanctions and near-record exports from southern Iraq offset maintenance and outages in smaller producers.
Italy plans to ask banks to help reimburse thousands of people who lost their savings last year in a state rescue of four small lenders, a government source said on Wednesday.
Five days before Turkey is due to begin taking back illegal migrants from Greece under a deal with the European Union, neither side is fully ready, with officials scrambling to be able to make at least a symbolic start as new arrivals rise.
The Fullscreen media company is expanding its role beyond cultivating young video stars by launching a subscription video-on-demand service whose programming will draw on homegrown talent as well as content from a range of outside producers.
French judicial authorities are investigating the husband of former Areva chief executive Anne Lauvergeon for insider trading and money laundering over Areva's purchase of Canadian mining group Uramin in 2007, a judicial source said on Wednesday. 
Early indications of stronger-than-expected sales of new Galaxy S7 smartphones suggest technology giant Samsung Electronics Co Ltd is emerging from a two-year decline at its flagship mobile business.
Brussels police have launched a disciplinary inquiry following last week's suicide bombings, after a newspaper reported that a senior officer appeared drunk and incapable at a crisis meeting just after the attacks.
Twenty-First Century Fox Inc is interested in acquiring a minority stake in Viacom Inc's Paramount Pictures, a source close to the situation said on Wednesday.
Despite intense U.S. pressure to act to keep Iraq's largest dam from collapsing, Baghdad has done little to prepare Iraqis for the possibility of a burst that could unleash a flood reaching the capital and killing hundreds of thousands of people.
Around 20 Islamic State followers were arrested in Moscow trying to recruit new fighters for the group, Russia's RIA news agency cited a security source as saying on Wednesday.
Taiwan's Foxconn plans to buy all 200 billion yen ($1.78 billion) worth of the preferred shares owned by Sharp Corp's two major creditor banks, a source familiar with the matter said on Wednesday.
Taiwan's Foxconn plans to buy all 200 billion yen ($1.78 billion) worth of the preferred shares owned by Sharp Corp's two major creditor banks, a source familiar with the matter said on Wednesday.
Italian prosecutors are investigating Royal Dutch Shell as part of a probe into the acquisition of an off-shore oil field in Nigeria, the Anglo-Dutch company said on Wednesday. 
Public sector unions triumphed before the U.S. Supreme Court on Tuesday when the justices preserved a vital source of cash for organized labor, splitting 4-4 on a conservative challenge that had seemed destined for success until Justice Antonin Scalia's death last month.
An Egyptian man accused of hijacking a passenger plane and diverting it to Cyprus has told police he acted because he wanted to see his estranged wife and children, saying "what should one do?". 
The FBI's announcement that it mysteriously hacked into an iPhone is a public setback for Apple Inc., as consumers learned that they can't keep the government out of even an encrypted device that U.S. officials had claimed was impossible to crack. Apple, meanwhile, remains in the dark about how to restore the security of its flagship product.
None
Are your car's headlights keeping you in the dark?
Shortly before this poverty-stricken city began drawing its drinking water from a local river in a cost-cutting move nearly two years ago, officials huddled at the municipal water treatment plant, running through a checklist of final preparations.
Four months after President Vladimir Putin accused Ankara of a "stab in the back", Turkish business executives in Russia are getting used to saying hasty goodbyes.
Five years after a huge earthquake temporarily crippled parts of Japan's auto supply chain, some companies have adjusted the industry's famed "Just in Time" production philosophy in a bid to limit any repeat of the costly global disruption.
Taiwan's Foxconn agreed to acquire Japan's Sharp Corp at a big discount to its original offer, capping a month of wrangling that sowed more doubt over whether the two companies can work well together and fend off fierce competition from rivals.
More than two dozen bills being considered in 18 states this year would expand poor people's rights to a lawyer at state expense in certain civil cases, according to the National Coalition for a Civil Right to Counsel, which is run by the Public Justice Center nonprofit in Baltimore.
Britain battled to save its steel industry on Wednesday after India's Tata Steel put its British operations up for sale, leaving thousands of jobs at risk as a result of cheap Chinese imports.
If the U.S. Department of Justice asks a New York court to force Apple Inc to unlock an iPhone, the technology company could push the government to reveal how it accessed the phone which belonged to a shooter in San Bernardino, a source familiar with the situation said.
There may be a reason why people have trouble seeing while driving at night, and it's not their eyesight. A new rating of the headlights of more than 30 midsized car models gave only one model a grade of "good."
Is it the furious Trump-supporting white working class or the contemptuous mandarin elite that mocks its former allies? Hard to say.
The future has arrived, and it’s the thinnest of envelopes.
To the Obama administration, the new data is seen as evidence that there has been pent-up demand for the policy signed into law by the president.
A new generation of chefs from Japan run some of the most acclaimed French restaurants in Paris — a city that isn’t known for embracing outsiders.
A large-scale project in Canada to capture carbon from a coal-burning power plant has fallen short of its goal and its costs are soaring.
On April 19, where else would you see a New Yorker go up against a New Yorker for the right to go up against, very possibly, a New Yorker?
A U.S. congressional draft bill to steer Puerto Rico through its economic crisis was released on Tuesday with elements of U.S. bankruptcy law opposed by creditors who want to keep the island's debt talks out of court.
Nevada is dropping its long-held opposition to having a World War II-era copper mine added to the priority list of the nation's most polluted Superfund sites, Gov. Brian Sandoval said in a letter Tuesday to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency.
Tech giant Samsung Electronics Co Ltd will likely report a first-quarter operating profit of more than 6 trillion won (3.6 billion pounds), exceeding market expecations, South Korea's Korea Economic Daily reported on Wednesday.
Two men who admitted shooting into a crowd during a 2013 Mother's Day parade, wounding 20 people, were sentenced in federal court Tuesday in connection with that and other crimes involving years of drug and gang violence.
We were gliding downhill along a river buried in snow, our skis skimming a thin layer of fresh powder toward the setting sun and a wall of darkening clouds.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation is examining laptop computers linked to suspects in last week's deadly Brussels bombings as investigators work to unravel the militant network behind the attacks.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will meet Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow on April 21 to discuss security issues in the Middle East, an Israeli political source said on Tuesday.
The U.S. Supreme Court on Tuesday asked both sides for new information in a challenge by Christian nonprofit employers to a mandate under President Barack Obama's healthcare law to provide insurance to female workers covering birth control, indicating the justices are struggling to decide the closely watched case.
Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen said Tuesday that the Fed still envisions only a gradual pace of interest rate increases in light of global pressures that could affect the U.S. economy.
The Latest on an oil spill in southern Louisiana (all times local):
A federal court in Brazil blocked funding for the construction of an Olympic venue on suspicion of corruption, a source involved in preparations said on Tuesday, throwing fresh scrutiny on the Rio de Janeiro Games four months before they start. 
The Latest on a judge's ruling striking down provisions of Missouri's municipal court reform measure (all times local):
Public sector unions triumphed before the U.S. Supreme Court on Tuesday when the justices preserved a vital source of cash for organized labor, splitting 4-4 on a conservative challenge that had seemed destined for success until Justice Antonin Scalia's death last month.
A Chinese junket operator in Manila said on Tuesday that two high-rollers from Beijing and Macau were responsible for bringing $81 million stolen by hackers from Bangladesh's central bank into the Philippines. 
At the height of the Ebola epidemic, smoke from the cremation of bodies would darken the sky here by early morning. The incinerator rumbled like a mini-earthquake, shaking the ground and neighbors' emotions.
Swiss banks UBS and Credit Suisse are interested in advising the Russian government on several privatizations as long as the deals do not violate sanctions, three banking sources told Reuters.
OPEC member Iran expects to attend an oil producers meeting in Doha next month but this does not mean it will take part in negotiations over a production freeze, a source familiar with Iranian thinking said on Tuesday.
Soundcloud is entering paid music streaming, hoping to turn its huge community of cover singers, dubstep remixers and wannabe stars into a bigger source of revenue.
The Orange and Bouygues boards are scheduled to meet separately on Wednesday to discuss the planned sale of Bouygues's telecom unit, two sources close to the matter said.
Bank of Communications Co Ltd (BoCom), China's fifth-largest lender, said hitting 1 percent profit growth in 2016 will be a stretch, reporting a dive in corporate banking as bad debts keep mounting. 
The number of foreign visitors going to Turkey fell 10 percent in February, the biggest drop in a decade, amid security concerns for a country feeling the spillover effects from the war in Syria. 
Lending to euro zone companies and households grew at its fastest pace since late 2011 in February, suggesting the bloc was continuing with modest recovery, despite falling inflation and slowing global growth, ECB data showed on Tuesday.
The FBI's announcement that it mysteriously hacked into an iPhone is a public setback for Apple Inc., as consumers suddenly discover they can't keep their most personal information safe. Meanwhile, Apple remains in the dark about how to restore the security of its flagship product.
Ukraine's prospects of forming a new coalition - vital to get IMF loan talks back on track - were thrown into fresh doubt on Tuesday after Yulia Tymoshenko pressed demands as the price of taking her Fatherland Party into an alliance. 
The U.S. Coast Guard said early on Tuesday an unknown amount of crude oil had spilled from a tank into a Louisiana waterway and the source of the leak had been secured.
An EgyptAir plane flying from Alexandria to Cairo was hijacked and forced to land in Cyprus on Tuesday by a man with what authorities said was a fake suicide belt, who was arrested after giving himself up.
Joe Bradley’s “Krasdale” painting series is his first for Gagosian Gallery.
This Tarell Alvin McCraney play centers on family fissures and a woman whose loved ones have gathered for her birthday.
In the first of two sold-out shows at Barclays Center on her world tour for her album “Anti,” Rihanna proved to be the most present she has ever been onstage.
Libya's U.N.-backed unity government has accused authorities in Tripoli of closing down the capital's airspace to prevent it from traveling from Tunisia to start work.
Indonesia is about to roll out its first passenger plane, one of several smaller, homegrown aircraft being studied in Asia, designed especially for short hops across the region's emerging markets, where air travel is booming.
Britain's Sky News quoted intelligence sources on Monday as saying that Islamic State had "advanced plans" to kill Jewish children in Turkey by attacking kindergartens, schools and youth centres.
Virgin America Inc has received takeover bids from JetBlue Airways Corp and Alaska Air Group Inc as the U.S. budget airline backed by British billionaire Richard Branson explores a sale, a person familiar with the matter said Monday.
Fighting between Islamic State and the al Qaeda-linked Nusra Front spread from Syria into Lebanon's northern Bekaa Valley region on Monday, a security source and the state news agency said.
Volkswagen AG is recalling nearly 5,600 electric e-Golf cars in the United States to address a battery problem that can cause stalling, the company said Monday.
State-controlled power holding company Centrais El&#233;tricas Brasileiras SA has hired Credit Suisse Group AG to advise on a plan to sell a portion or all of a subsidiary's renewable energy assets, two sources with direct knowledge of the matter told Reuters exclusively. 
A man widely reported to be the third individual in CCTV footage of two suspected suicide bombers at Brussels airport was released on Monday for lack of evidence.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi heads to a European Union summit this week, seeking to patch up a four-year diplomatic feud with Italy that has grown toxic enough to threaten New Delhi's ambitions to become a bigger global player.
Belgian police issued a new appeal on Monday for information about a man caught on CCTV at Brussels airport with two others thought to have blown themselves up in the check-in area last Tuesday.
Iraq's parliament on Monday gave Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi three days to present a new non-party cabinet to fight corruption or potentially face a no-confidence vote amid street protests piling on the pressure for action.
Belgian prosecutors on Monday released a man they had charged in connection with last week's deadly Brussels bombings, saying they did not have enough information to justify holding him.
Israel urged its citizens visiting Turkey to leave "as soon as possible" in an upgraded travel advisory on Monday predicting possible follow-up attacks to the March 19 suicide bombing in Istanbul blamed on Islamic State. 
None
Chinese President Xi Jinping began a two-day state visit to Prague on Monday to promote business ties, crowning efforts by Czech President Milos Zeman to build a strategic relationship with Beijing.
California lawmakers expressed dissatisfaction Monday with a plan to change the direction of a $64 billion high-speed railway, with one Assemblyman concerned he could travel through Star Trek's fictional teleportation device before the train would arrive in his district.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Mr. Gray, the co-head of TPG in Asia, will leave at the end of year and is said to be setting up his own Australia-focused investment firm.
In addition to virtual currency, Ethereum also provides a way to create online markets and programmable transactions known as smart contracts.
Driving interest rates below zero, the Bank of Japan has turned a comatose government bond market into an enormous free-for-all, complicating the central bank's own efforts to kick-start growth and end deflation.
Chinese President Xi Jinping begins a two-day state visit to Prague on Monday to promote business ties, crowning efforts by Czech President Milos Zeman to build a strategic relationship with Beijing.
Saudi Arabia has sentenced a journalist to five years in jail for insulting the kingdom's rulers and "inciting public opinion" on Twitter, Amnesty International said.
Syrian government forces backed by heavy Russian air support drove Islamic State out of Palmyra on Sunday, inflicting what the army called a mortal blow to militants who seized the city last year and dynamited its ancient temples.
Corrections appearing in print on Sunday, March 27, 2016.
An edited transcript of a telephone interview with the Republican presidential candidate.
In a 100-minute interview, Mr. Trump said he might halt purchases of oil from Arab allies like Saudi Arabia unless they commit greater resources to fighting the Islamic State.
Only on the morning of the attacks did chemical odors and other strange hints come together to form a clear picture of what had been happening at the apartment used as a bomb-making workshop.
Taxi TV cannot disappear quickly enough. And HP tries to pitch an extended warranty to a customer who called to complain about a defective printer.
The pilots turned off autopilot, Russian state television said, but may have accidentally turned on a stabilizing fin, leading to a loss of control.
The Flint, Mich., crisis has cast attention on the issue, but in schools from Jersey City, N.J., to Los Angeles, problems have dragged on for years.
The Hudson Valley Center for Contemporary Art considers the impact of words, both the pleasant and the unpleasant kinds.
Trump brings out the mob latent in a political crowd.
The duo behind Studio Job embraces kitsch and chaos, sex and death, history and politics in their work.
Nancy Jo Sales believes we should be very worried about the effects of social media on teenage girls.
A novel of family life in a Jewish summer community shortly after World War II.
In a consumer culture designed to encourage spending, new tools aim to reverse that pattern.
The Republican strategist on why his party’s front-runner is a crude lunatic but continues to lead in the polls.
Minstrelsy. Blackface. Mugging. Out of this twisted past came one of the first successful all-black Broadway musicals. Now an ambitious revival is bringing it back.
This company’s new initiative, Women Who Move Us, created to support new work by women, could signal the start of a new artistic direction.
Egyptian prosecutors ordered the detention of four relatives of the head of an alleged criminal gang which police said was found with belongings of murdered Italian student Giulio Regeni, judicial sources said on Saturday.
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull's ruling Liberal Party is embroiled in a financial scandal, an unwanted additional challenge for the Australian leader as he takes the major political gamble of calling an early federal election.
For generations, the indigenous Bunong were famous as the great elephant keepers and masters of the forests in eastern Cambodia. They called the fertile, rolling hills of their ancestral homeland "meh ne," or mother &#8212; a source of food, livelihoods and self-identity.
The group has published a different take on the Grimm brothers’ stories, which now feature the protagonists, such as Little Red Riding Hood, with weapons. Advocates of gun control express concern.
Is he undercutting his own nonproliferation agenda?
A state news agency said the army regained control of the citadel in Palmyra after heavy fighting with the Islamic State.
Amazon, Google, IBM and Microsoft are using high salaries and games pitting humans against computers to try to claim the standard on which all companies will build their A.I. technology.
Declining a request for money can be hard for philanthropists and other donors, but it need not be harsh or a drawn-out process.
A Rhode Island-size ice field in the mountains behind Alaska's capital could disappear by 2200 if climate-warming trends continue, according to a University of Alaska Fairbanks study.
Even in an era of high-tech crime-fighting, the best line of defense against a Brussels-style attack on airports and subways has four legs and a tail.
By Ginger Gibson
Exxon Mobil is in talks to buy a stake of around 15 percent in Italian oil major Eni's giant Area 4 gas field in Mozambique, two sources familiar with the matter said.    
Gunmen from Afghanistan have kidnapped two Tajik road workers and wounded another one on Friday in an area adjacent to the border, Tajik government sources told Reuters.
Belgian investigators believe a man arrested on Thursday was a suspected accomplice of the suicide bomber who killed about 20 people on the Brussels metro on Tuesday, a person familiar with the investigation said.
Iraqi forces made slow progress against Islamic State in the north of the country on Friday in the second day of an offensive touted as the beginning of a broader campaign to clear areas around the city of Mosul.
Belgian police arrested three more people on Friday as investigations into Tuesday's suicide bombings by Islamist militants in Brussels threw up more links to killings in Paris last year.
South Carolina's roads are in rotten shape &#8212; pretty much everyone who drives on them agrees about that.
A Korean-American man detained in North Korea has confessed to stealing military secrets and plotting subversion with South Koreans, the North's official news agency and foreign media reported on Friday.
Research has determined nine historic cannons displayed for the past 60 years at a recreated French and Indian War fort in upstate New York were originally aboard a British warship that sank in the Florida Keys in the 18th century, according to an underwater archaeologist who led the project.
Consumer spending and home construction are helping sustain modest U.S. economic growth despite problems caused by a strong dollar, low oil prices and an excess of business stockpiles.
A task force appointed by the Michigan governor, Rick Snyder, details the state government’s disregard for the lives of poor and black residents.
Jordan Woodard scored 22 points, Buddy Hield had 10 rebounds and Isaiah Cousins collected 10 assists as the Sooners advanced to the round of 8.
Steve Martin and Edie Brickell are behind this slice of vintage Americana that gives Carmen Cusack her Broadway debut.
Streaming and vinyl sales surge, but the big moneymaker, CDs, has been gradually abandoned.
A United Nations tribunal for the former Yugoslavia found Mr. Karadzic guilty of war crimes and sentenced him to 40 years in prison.
Shareholders of TiVo would receive a combination of cash and stock, sources said, though the exact price was still being negotiated.
Blue Note Records will reissue five more jazz albums, including “Fuchsia Swing Song” by Sam Rivers.
Playboy Enterprises [ICONAP.UL], the owner of Playboy magazine, is exploring a sale, a source familiar with the matter told Reuters, in a move that comes after the storied magazine stopped publishing nude photos of women and put up the iconic Playboy Mansion up for sale.
A Russian special forces officer has been killed in a combat operation near Palmyra in Syria, Interfax news agency reported on Thursday, citing a Russian military source in Syria.
Reaction to the death of football great Johan Cruyff, who died in Barcelona on Thursday following a five-month battle with lung cancer.
Banco Popolare and Banca Popolare di Milano (BPM) outlined on Thursday their merger plan, which creates Italy's third biggest bank with a stronghold in the country's wealthiest northern regions.
None
Belgian public broadcaster VRT said on Thursday that Paris attacks suspect Salah Abdeslam, arrested last week, was planning a multiple shooting and suicide bomb attack in Brussels similar to those in Paris in November.
Algerian security forces shot dead an Islamist militant wearing a suicide bomb belt before he could detonate his explosives in a small town east of the capital Algiers, the state news agency APS said on Thursday.
In the midst of Brazil's worst recession in decades, lawyer Thiago Jabor Pinheiro switched firms to focus full-time on one of the only booming fields in the scandal-plagued country: compliance and corporate ethics.     
A judge on Thursday found a former Canadian Broadcasting Corp. radio host not guilty of sexual assault in a case that sparked a nationwide conversation about consent and sexual harassment.
Suicide bombers who blew themselves up in Brussels were originally considering an attack on a nuclear site in Belgium, but arrests started last week may have forced them to switch to targets in the Belgian capital, the DH newspaper said.
Tributes to Dutch soccer great Johan Cruyff, who died Thursday at the age of 68 as a result of lung cancer:
Iranian oil flows to Europe have begun to pick up from a slow start after sanctions were lifted in January, but trading sources say a lack of access to storage part-owned by Tehran's Gulf Arab rivals now looms large on a list of obstacles.
A Lebanese soldier was killed by a roadside bomb in northern Lebanon on Thursday, the National News Agency (NNA) and a security source said.
Deutsche Bank is hiring about 100 people to boost its equities trading operations as it seeks to recover ground in an area seen as vital to its new strategy, a source familiar with the matter told Reuters.
More than 2 million Brazilians are set to lose unemployment benefits by June, data obtained by Reuters show, threatening to erode support for embattled President Dilma Rousseff among her core working class supporters when she needs them most.
Kyrgyzstan's president, unsettled by an intelligence report of a coup plot, accused his political opponents on Thursday of trying to destabilise the country by escalating a border standoff with Uzbekistan.
Salah Abdeslam, the prime surviving suspect in November's Paris attacks, will no longer fight extradition to France as he had vowed to do but instead now wants to return to "explain himself", his lawyer said on Thursday.
Corporations expressed disappointment Thursday and the NCAA vowed to monitor what North Carolina does next now that the state has banned any local government measures protecting people from discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity.
On Itu Aba, in the Spratly archipelago of the South China Sea, Taiwanese coast guard officials proudly haul a small wooden bucket of water from one of several simple concrete wells on the coral outcrop. 
America's substantial support for NATO, both in money and military aid, has long been a source of frustration for U.S. leaders, and some have questioned the organization as a throwback to the Cold War era.
Before he was indicted last May, former House Speaker Dennis Hastert was known primarily for rising from political obscurity in rural Illinois to the nation's third-highest office, which he occupied for eight years. Some key events in Hastert's life and career and the criminal case against him:
Shortly after last November&#8217;s attacks on Paris by a Brussels-based Islamic State cell, a top U.S. counter-terrorism official traveling in Europe wanted to visit Brussels to learn more about the investigation.
Yum Brands Inc, owner of KFC and Pizza Hut, is in talks with private equity firms including KKR &amp; Co LP and Hopu Investments to sell a minority stake in its China operations as it prepares to spin off the once booming unit, two sources familiar with the plans said on Thursday.
Yum Brands Inc, owner of KFC and Pizza Hut, is in talks with private equity firms including KKR &amp; Co LP and Hopu Investments to sell a minority stake in its China operations as it prepares to spin off the once booming unit, two sources familiar with the plans said on Thursday.
“You Are What You Wear,” by the show’s lyricist Duncan Sheik, is full of tongue-in-cheek references to that era’s clothes and food trends.
Focused Technologies, hired by the state to digitize fingerprint records and other confidential material, has agreed to pay a $3.1 million settlement after illegally outsourcing the work to India.
Rodriguez told ESPN on Wednesday that he would retire at the end his current 10-year deal with the Yankees.
An independent task force charged with investigating the city’s tainted water also laid part of the blame on environmental racism.
Hotchkiss banned marijuana shops after the state legalized the drug in 2012. But now it is weighing replacing its lost coal earnings with marijuana money.
Fetish wear has infiltrated the runways and woven itself inextricably into the fabric of fashion.
There are dazzling colors to wear and French poets and novelists to ponder.
More than 2 million Brazilians are set to lose unemployment benefits by June, data obtained by Reuters show, threatening to erode support for embattled President Dilma Rousseff among her core working class supporters when she needs them most.
Before he was indicted last May, former House Speaker Dennis Hastert was known primarily for rising from political obscurity in rural Illinois to the nation's third-highest office, which he occupied for eight years. Some key events in Hastert's life and career and the criminal case against him:
U.S. President Barack Obama finally got a chance to meet P&#225;nfilo, the Cuban television character, when he appeared in a skit shot in Havana for a popular comedy show that sometimes pokes fun at the Cuban government.
China has launched an unusual charm offensive to explain its first overseas naval base in Djibouti, seeking to assuage global concerns about military expansionism by portraying the move as Beijing's contribution to regional security and development.
Banco Popolare and Banca Popolare di Milano (BPM) agreed to merge on Wednesday in a much-anticipated deal to create Italy's third-biggest bank.
A project to build a long-delayed second rail tunnel under the Hudson River will get $70 million to start preliminary engineering work and will benefit from accelerated federal environmental reviews, officials announced Wednesday.
Ken Howard, the strapping character actor who starred in the 1970s TV drama "The White Shadow" and was currently serving as president of SAG-AFTRA, has died at age 71.
Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange and the Nasdaq stock market:
Italy is negotiating with the European Commission to extend the deadline to sell four banks it bailed out late last year, a source at the Economy Ministry said on Wednesday.
The Obama administration is expected to blame Iranian hackers as soon as Thursday for a coordinated campaign of cyber attacks in 2012 and 2013 on several U.S. banks and a New York dam, sources familiar with the matter have told Reuters.
French President Francois Hollande said on Wednesday he would push for international regulation of medicine prices at a G-7 summit in Japan in May and a G-20 meeting in China in September.
A Surinamese man who U.S. authorities said acted as the "right-hand man" to the son of the country's president during a scheme to send large amounts of cocaine to the United States was found guilty of trying to ship the drug, prosecutors said on Wednesday. 
Lone Pine Capital senior analyst Ran Li is to start a new London-based equities hedge fund backed by the U.S. firm, sources with direct knowledge of the matter told Reuters, in what could prove one of the year's biggest European launches. 
Belgium's De Standaard newspaper cited an unidentified source naming a suicide bomber who struck Brussels airport on Tuesday as Najim Laachraoui, a Belgian who was already wanted in connection with the Paris attacks.
European Union foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini met with the head of the Syrian government delegation at peace talks in Geneva.
Iraq's oil exports have held steady so far in March, according to loading data and industry sources, halting for now the rapid supply growth that has increased downward pressure on prices.
South Africa has launched a corruption probe into President Jacob Zuma's son Duduzane and the Guptas, a family of businessmen accused of wielding improper political influence, a police spokesman said on Wednesday.
Washington should rein in the junta's increasingly dictatorial ways by isolating it from traditional Bangkok-based elites.
A Turkish interior ministry official says police have detained a Japanese national as he tried to cross the border to Syria with the intention of joining Islamic State extremists.
The flow of crude oil from northern Iraq to Turkey had resumed as of 1330 GMT after a brief stoppage, a shipping source said on Wednesday.
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry is expected to press President Vladimir Putin over a political transition for Syria on Thursday, after Europe's foreign policy chief turned up unexpectedly in Geneva to try to reinvigorate peace talks.
More aid agencies helping refugees and migrants arriving in Greece said they were joining a boycott of detention centers on Wednesday, angered at an EU deal they say runs roughshod over human rights.
Americans pay to download music. They pay for TV episodes. Will they pay a few cents for news articles to escape ads and bypass subscription requirements?
The Latest on the presidential election (all times EDT):
None
Former candidate Jeb Bush endorsed Ted Cruz for the Republican presidential nomination on Wednesday, saying the U.S. senator from Texas represents the party's best chance of winning the White House.
Talks between struggling planemaker Bombardier and the Canadian government about financial support are "going well," a company executive said on Wednesday as its delayed CSeries jet took another step toward delivery in the second quarter.
While Ted Cruz decried "gutter politics" against him, former Republican presidential contenders gave him a boost Wednesday, casting the Texas senator as the party's last best chance to stop Donald Trump. The long and bitter 2016 campaign shifted to a new Midwestern battleground.
On a fence-mending mission, President Barack Obama held up Argentina on Wednesday as an emerging world leader worthy of U.S. support, as he and Argentine President Mauricio Macri broke with years of tensions between their countries.
When Toyota aired a Super Bowl television ad featuring a surprisingly quick Prius gas-electric hybrid eluding police, it marked a turning point for the auto industry.
On Itu Aba, in the Spratly archipelago of the South China Sea, Taiwanese coast guard officials proudly haul a small wooden bucket of water from one of several simple concrete wells on the coral outcrop. 
The U.N. special envoy on Syria said he hoped a meeting between the U.S. and Russian foreign ministers on Wednesday would give impetus to peace talks where the divisive issue of a political transition is stalling progress. 
After watching all 13 episodes, our critic says that more isn’t necessarily more.
Mixed martial arts, online poker and other activities appeal to Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo and many legislators as sources of revenue.
A finding that a Florida nuclear power plant is leaking polluted water has environmentalists threatening to sue over the safety of Biscayne Bay and the surrounding ecosystem.
Rohit Bansal was facing up to a year in prison after pleading guilty to taking documents from a source inside the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.
After attacks in Paris, Belgium ramped up training and efforts to counter terrorism at home. But there is more to be done.
The agency said changes would mostly apply to immediate-release opioids and include new boxed warnings, the strongest type, about the risks of abuse and death.
A reader describes how she couldn’t find anyone to take over $1,000 worth of sealed painkillers after her husband died.
China’s coal-fired power plants consume more water where water is scarce than plants in any other country, according to the Greenpeace report.
A new project seeks to collect, label and pay for mobile sensor data and encourage innovation in many fields.
Japan has opened talks with Western defense contractors about building a new generation of fighter jets, sources say, in what would mark an important milestone in Tokyo's strategy to maintain its air superiority over rival China.
The European Central Bank has asked Banco Popolare and Banca Popolare di Milano for further clarification on their merger plan, a source familiar with ECB thinking said, a move which could again delay a deal announcement.
Fosun International is set to close a deal worth about 300 million pounds on Wednesday to buy the Thomas More Square complex in London in its biggest real estate transaction in Europe, a source familiar with the matter said.
Purchase agreements have been signed for virtually all of the natural gas that would be delivered to the Southeast by the proposed Atlantic Coast Pipeline, the lead energy company behind the $5 billion project said Tuesday.
None
A Missouri judge has ruled that the state must reveal the source of the drug it uses to execute prisoners, finding that the state's Department of Corrections "knowingly violated" Missouri's open records law.
Bangladesh's central bank has hired a U.S. lawyer for a potential lawsuit against the Federal Reserve Bank of New York after hackers stole $81 million from its account with the NY Fed, according to an internal report by the Bangladesh bank.
The U.N. special envoy on Syria said he hoped a meeting between the U.S. and Russian foreign ministers on Wednesday would give impetus to peace talks where the divisive issue of a political transition is stalling progress. 
After a deep slide in oil prices, Algeria's Sonatrach is shifting strategy to offer foreign firms direct negotiations to buy stakes in 20 oil and gas fields in a bid to attract investors and increase output, a source at the state energy company said.
After a deep slide in oil prices, Algeria's Sonatrach is shifting strategy to offer foreign firms direct negotiations to buy stakes in 20 oil and gas fields in a bid to attract investors and increase output, a source at the state energy company said.
The U.N. special envoy on Syria said he hoped a meeting between the U.S. and Russian foreign ministers on Wednesday would give impetus to peace talks where the divisive issue of a political transition is stalling progress. 
Ukrainian Finance Minister Natalia Yaresko threw her hat into the ring on Tuesday to head a technocrat government of people uncompromised by "a political past" after weeks of speculation over whether she would try to replace Arseny Yatseniuk.
Uber, the high-flying transportation firm, is releasing a technical map of its computer and communications systems and inviting hackers to find weaknesses in exchange for cash bounties.
Kyrgyzstan initiated a special meeting of a Russia-led regional security body on Tuesday to address tensions with its bigger neighbor Uzbekistan after a group of Uzbek armored vehicles and troops were deployed near their disputed border.
More than two months after international nuclear sanctions on Iran were supposed to have ended, frustration is deepening that few trade deals are going through as foreign banks shy away from processing transactions with the country.
The doubling of Anglo American's &lt;AAL.l&gt; share price since late January means the time could be ripe for a rights issue rather than an asset fire sale to boost its defenses against tumbling commodity prices, fund managers say.
Syria said on Tuesday the attacks in Brussels were the "inevitable result of wrong policies and a tolerance for terrorism", and called for an international effort to confront the phenomenon.
Ford Motor Co will invest up to 200 million euros  ($224.28 million) to build its smaller sport utility vehicle EcoSport at its Romanian unit Automobile Craiova, Ford Europe Chief Executive Jim Farley said on Tuesday.
An armed British ship believed to be carrying enough plutonium to make about 40 atomic bombs left a port in eastern Japan on Tuesday to bring the shipment to the U.S. for storage.
Australian police said on Tuesday they had arrested two people, including a 16-year-old girl, on suspicion of raising funds to support operations of the Islamic State militant group.
It will take at least two weeks to know whether an alternate method will unlock an encrypted iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino attackers, the head of the FBI's Los Angeles office said Tuesday, adding that federal investigators think they have "a good shot."
On Jan. 21, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met with Iraq's prime minister in Davos, Switzerland, and handed him a personal note from President Barack Obama pleading for urgent action.
One reason for Bernie Sanders’s gap among African-Americans is that they have more favorable impressions of the economy.
A majority of Republican primary voters view their party as divided, while Democratic voters see their side as unified, according to a New York Times/CBS News national poll.
The league, eager to expand its footprint internationally to generate more revenue, plans to play a game in China as early as 2018, but immense logistics must be solved.
An affiliate of Al Qaeda claimed responsibility for a grenade attack that hit one of the largest natural gas fields in Algeria.
A start-up that turns unused basements into community centers wants to reimagine the future of the city’s underground spaces — many of them former bomb shelters.
While many leave for the United States, business owners opting to remain are creating an expanding class, optimistic despite serious challenges.
The interbreeding may have given modern humans better immunity to pathogens, according to the authors of the analysis of global genomes.
Frenchman Romain Grosjean has won Formula One's first Driver of the Day award after finishing sixth for the new U.S.-owned Haas team in Sunday's season-opening Australian Grand Prix in Melbourne.
Apple Inc on Monday unveiled a robotic system called Liam to take apart junked iPhones and recover valuable materials that can be recycled, such as silver and tungsten.
Google is opening a cutting-edge online technology center at the studio of one of Cuba's most famous artists, offering free Internet at speeds nearly 70 times faster than those now available to the Cuban public. President Barack Obama says Google's efforts in Cuba are part of a wider plan to improve access to the Internet across the island.
A Pennsylvania dairy that supplies raw milk around the country has been linked to two cases of listeriosis, one of them fatal, according to health authorities.
French President Francois Hollande wants the issue of medicine prices to be on the agenda at the G-7 summit in Japan in May, a source at the French presidency said on Monday.
Goldman Sachs Group Inc received permission on Monday to complete its $17 billion acquisition of GE Capital Bank's U.S. online deposits.    
U.S. authorities are investigating a threatening letter sent to Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump's sister, a federal appeals court judge in Philadelphia, according to NBC News.
Casino said on Monday it was on track to reduce debt as promised after Standard &amp; Poor's cut the French retailer's credit rating to junk, citing falling profits, weakness in Brazil and competition at home.
The only suspected participant in Nov. 13 Paris attacks to be captured alive has been cooperating with police investigators and is "worth his weight in gold", his lawyer said on Monday.
BP and Norway's Statoil will withdraw staff from two gas plants in Algeria after an attack by militants on one  of the sites in the North African country, the companies said on Monday.
BP and Norway's Statoil will withdraw staff from two gas plants in Algeria after an attack by militants on one  of the sites in the North African country, the companies said on Monday.
U.S.-based IHS Inc agreed to buy Markit Ltd to create a $13 billion (&#163;9 billion) London-based data and business research provider, in the latest example of a U.S. company moving its domicile overseas where corporate tax rates are lower.
More than a year after Uber announced a research pact with Carnegie Mellon University - and then hired away four of the institution's faculty and 36 researchers and technicians - the ride-hailing company and university have not collaborated on a single project, according to CMU faculty and administrators. 
Wang Jianlin, China's richest man, said FIFA's corruption scandal was an opportunity for big Chinese companies to further the country's lofty footballing ambitions by undertaking sponsorship deals with the global governing body. 
Kuwait has expelled 11 Lebanese and three Iraqis suspected of belonging to Hezbollah, a Kuwaiti newspaper reported on Monday, nearly three weeks after the country joined other Gulf Arab states in designating the Lebanese Shi'ite group a terrorist organization.
Two British ships arrived in eastern Japan on Monday to transport a shipment of plutonium &#8212; enough to make dozens of atomic bombs &#8212; to the U.S. for storage under a bilateral agreement.
General Motors Co (GM) is pressing ahead with its investment plans in China, the world's largest auto market, where it expects car demand to grow 3-5 percent a year on average until 2020, executives at the U.S. car maker said. 
Months after abruptly shuttering Bones in Paris, James Henry has opened a new restaurant and pop-up — and shares his whole roast chicken recipe with T.
A device first tried in 1982 extended lives but raised ethical questions. While its descendants are used only as temporary “bridges” to transplants, regulators are mulling the possibility of again approving permanent implants.
A football-related implosion has decimated what was perhaps the nation&#8217;s pre-eminent basketball conference.
After helping to drive Wall Street’s profits for generations, the coal industry is in a free fall, and even daring investors are reluctant to risk trying to save it.
The president has made so many direct or indirect references to Mr. Trump that the real estate tycoon has become something of a stump-speech trope for the president.
This was the second time Twitch, a video streaming site, turned to a dead public television icon to branch out from its usual game-heavy content.
Long associated with the Yale School of criticism, Professor Hartman examined a wide range of subjects, including Wordsworth, Judaica and trauma.
A play that may have been at least partly written by Shakespeare is mounted by the Letter of Marque Theater Company.
Billionaire investor Wilbur Ross has reached a deal to buy Nexeo Solutions Holdings LLC, a distributor of plastic resins and chemicals, for roughly $1.6 billion, including debt, a person familiar with the matter told Reuters on Sunday.
Two British ships arrived in eastern Japan on Monday to transport a shipment of plutonium &#8212; enough to make dozens of atomic bombs &#8212; to the U.S. for storage under a bilateral agreement.
Members of Colombia's Marxist FARC guerrillas will meet U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry in Cuba, a spokeswoman for Colombia's government peace negotiators said on Sunday, adding a twist to a historic visit to the island by U.S. President Barack Obama.
A French-Moroccan man with suspected links to Islamic State was placed under formal investigation on Sunday on suspicion of planning to carry out "violent acts", the Paris prosecutor's office said.
Brazil's ruling coalition lacks the votes in the Senate to defeat a request to remove left-leaning President Dilma Rousseff from office if it is approved by the lower house, a senior senator in the coalition's largest party said on Sunday.
The rare sighting of a sea otter swimming just off Southern California has scientists hoping it's a sign of a resurgence for the creatures that were once hunted to near extinction.
With Iraq's politicians tainted by corruption and the army's standing hurt by battlefield defeats, two Shi'ite clerics have re-emerged as leaders in matters of state.
Syrian government negotiators at Geneva peace talks are coming under unaccustomed pressure to discuss something far outside their comfort zone: the fate of President Bashar al-Assad. And they are doing their best to avoid it.
Yolanda Mauri's ancestors almost certainly came to Cuba in chains, laboring as slaves on an island of French coffee plantations and fields of Spanish sugarcane.
Algeria's army has killed four militants authorities believe were responsible for Friday's attack on the Krechba gas facility operated by state oil company Sonatrach with BP and Statoil, a security source said on Sunday.
Dozens of United Nations international staffers pulled out of their Western Sahara mission on Sunday after Morocco demanded they leave because of remarks by U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon about the disputed territory.
Manchester United would not comment on Sunday on reports that Jose Mourinho signed a pre-contract in February to take over as manager in place of Louis van Gaal at the end of the season.
It’s as we always knew — Eugene’s hair is the true source of his power.
The constitutional obligation to provide criminal defense for the poor has been endangered by funding problems across the country, but nowhere more so than in Louisiana.
Millions now have fitness-tracking devices. But are they any use?
Readers are embracing The Times’s stringent new policy on the use of anonymous sources. But some say they will believe it when they see it.
A Yale professor’s time-tested method for forecasting presidential elections using economics favors the G.O.P., but it doesn’t account for an unusual year.
At Mic, a media site created by and for 20-somethings, oversharing, acting entitled and second-guessing the boss are the norm.
Works by the artists, who now live in North America, are on display at the Hopper House in Nyack.
Perhaps Versailles offers a clue on what to expect.
Taiwan's Foxconn is lowering an offer for loss-making Japanese electronics maker Sharp Corp from an initial plan of 489 billion yen ($4.4 billion), the Yomiuri newspaper reported on Sunday.
U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump's portrayal of Japan as a free-rider on security is stirring worries in Tokyo about damage to its U.S. alliance, and could embolden hardliners keen to bolster Japan's military in the face of a rising China.
Roger Agnelli, the Brazilian banker who turned Vale SA into the world's No. 1 iron ore producer, died on Saturday in a plane crash, a source close to aviation authorities told Reuters. He was 56.
None
Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Worldwide Inc on Friday said  a $13 billion cash offer from China's Anbang Insurance Group Co was superior to one from Marriott International Inc, setting the stage for the largest-ever deal by a Chinese company in the United States.
Italy's coast guard said more than 900 migrants were rescued in four separate operations in the Strait of Sicily on Saturday, while Libyan authorities said they had rescued nearly 600 migrants from four boats, one of which sank.
Gov. Rick Snyder made the unique admission to Congress that Michigan's emergency manager system failed in Flint.
Tension rose in Congo Republic ahead of a presidential election on Sunday after the government ordered phone companies to suspend services for security reasons and police summoned the main opposition candidate for questioning.
The Latest on Turkish explosion (all times local):
Heavy gunfire broke out in the Libyan capital Tripoli on Saturday after two rival armed groups clashed in the city over the killing of one of their fighters, a local security source and witnesses said.
All 62 people aboard a passenger jet flying from Dubai to southern Russia were killed when their plane crashed on its second attempt to land at Rostov-on-Don airport on Saturday, Russian officials said.
President Gianni Infantino of soccer's world governing body displayed optimism after announcing a sponsorship deal with Wanda Group of China.
Corrections appearing in print on Saturday, March 19, 2016.
Some experts have linked the outbreak to the water crisis in Flint.
A Florida jury delivered a verdict in favor of the former wrestler in a suit over publication of a sex tape. It also found the site’s founder and its former editor liable.
One championed early music, and the other was a modernist, yet more parallels can be drawn between the two than either might have preferred.
The offer to buy Affymetrix, a maker of genetic analysis technology, for $1.5 billion tops an existing takeover proposal by Thermo Fisher Scientific.
The policies have become increasingly popular, but some consumer advocates and health policy analysts question whether they are worth the expense.
A guided tour of the Natural Products Expo West trade show in California offers insight into where natural and organic food trends are headed.
In New Jersey's biggest city, fears are growing over lead in the school district's water after a lab found elevated levels in nearly half its schools. The Newark district quickly shut off sinks and fountains in 30 buildings and has offered to test as many as 17,000 kids for contamination.
British oil major BP and China Oil have been awarded a tender launched by Venezuela's PDVSA to buy some 8 million barrels of Nigerian and U.S. light crude for delivery during the second quarter, traders told Reuters on Friday.
Brazil's state-controlled oil company Petr&#243;leo Brasileiro SA is considering selling control of fuel distribution unit BR Distribuidora SA after bidders failed to emerge for a minority stake, two sources with direct knowledge of the plans said on Friday. 
Building materials companies CRH and LafargeHolcim are contesting the final price of CRH's acquisition of assets from the Swiss-French company, the two companies said.
Michigan health officials have found a 10th fatal case of Legionnaires' disease in the Flint area amid an outbreak some experts have linked to the city's water crisis.
Over two weeks after the United Nations slapped harsh new sanctions on North Korea, several Chinese shipping and trade sources say they have not been told of any curbs on the import of coal from the isolated nation - a lifeline for its struggling economy.
An Algerian killed in a shootout with Brussels police this week has been identified as a man sought under an assumed name for plotting November's Islamist attacks in Paris, Belgian public broadcaster RTBF said on Friday.
FIFA president Gianni Infantino said a wind of change was blowing through soccer's scandal-plagued world governing body after announcing a sponsorship deal with China's Wanda Group on Friday.
A new set of cheap loans from the ECB has eased fears about Europe's banks, pushing down the premium for holding Italian bonds over top-rated Germany and potentially marking a turning point after a shaky start to 2016.
European Council President Donald Tusk was ready to put a draft deal with Turkey to curb illegal migration to Europe to the EU's 28 leaders for approval on Friday, an EU source said.
Britain could suffer if China's economy slows sharply, due in large part to knock-on effects on mutual trading partners and links between the two countries' financial sectors, a Bank of England report said on Friday.
Ride-hailing service Uber [UBER.UL] has sounded out car companies about placing a large order for self-driving cars, an auto industry source said on Friday.
Militants attacked an Algerian gas plant operated by Norway's Statoil and BP with rocket-propelled grenades on Friday, causing no casualties or damage but forcing the facility to be closed as a precaution.
In a country where family-run business spheres dominate the landscape, Fredrik Lundberg, often referred to as Sweden's Warren Buffett, is tackling bigger rivals on several fronts.
Power cables next to the one that caught fire at a downtown Washington subway station on Monday were not equipped with insulating materials designed to prevent moisture and debris from causing corrosion that can lead to fires, a federal official said Friday.
Merrick Garland has met with two supportive Senate Democratic leaders and spoken by phone to more of his Republican opponents. But he's moved no closer to weakening the GOP barricade against changing his status from Supreme Court nominee to justice.
Russia will deliver 40 Mi-28NE attack helicopters to Algeria in line with a bilateral contract, Interfax news agency said on Friday, quoting a source in Russia's arms exporting bodies.
Atop a dirt levee his great-grandfather built in the 1800s to hold back California's mightiest river, Northern California farmer Russell van Loben Sels looks out over the site of a new water project, one that would be the state's most ambitious in a half-century.
Rating agency Moody's said the eurozone sovereigns' ratings will likely remain stable in 2016-2017 but fading fiscal consolidation, limited progress on structural reforms and rising political risks limit upside potential and create longer-term risks.
With each new Quinnipiac poll this campaign season, it's not just reporters and candidates who pounce on the latest numbers.
Corrections appearing in print on Friday, March 18, 2016.
The former military ruler Pervez Musharraf left Pakistan on Friday for medical treatment after the government lifted a travel ban imposed on him as he awaited a trial on treason and other charges.
Just months after troops from the Democratic Republic of Congo arrived on a peacekeeping mission in the Central African Republic, allegations of sexual abuse began piling up.
Both Gov. Rick Snyder and Gina McCarthy, the administrator of the United States Environmental Protection Agency, were repeatedly pressed on their responsibility in the lead contamination scandal.
The all-cash deal will make the Canadian company a major force in the distribution of natural gas produced in the northeastern United States.
Federal officials working with the Manhattan district attorney’s office have orchestrated a series of daily raids in the search for looted items.
Abengoa’s global ambitions are now the source of its troubles as it tries to avoid what would be the largest bankruptcy in Spanish corporate history.
The city began offering free screenings to some of its youngest students for the contaminant after the water was shut off in 30 of the district’s schools.
Washington needs to stop the saber rattling and recognize that President Putin doesn’t threaten American interests in either Syria or Ukraine.
Behind the outlandish testimony are fascinating issues of privacy, free speech and the nature of news in the Internet era.
Former military ruler Pervez Musharraf left Pakistan on Friday for medical treatment in Dubai after the government lifted a travel ban imposed on him as he awaited trial on treason and other charges, his spokesman said.
A proposal in the Maryland General Assembly would designate the state's current song, "Maryland, My Maryland," as the historic state song, and revise and shorten it to create a new official song.
A person who died in Michigan tested positive for a bacteria linked to as many as 17 deaths in neighboring Wisconsin, health officials said on Thursday.
A Pennsylvania man who told police a toddler in his care choked on a hot dog was charged Thursday with killing her by fracturing her skull at a mobile home where they lived with the child's mother, a prosecutor said.
Britain's Serious Fraud Office (SFO) faces a fresh challenge on Friday when it is expected to try to bring four Germans and a Frenchman to London to face rate-fixing charges, a source familiar with the matter said.
Maryland lawmakers took a step Thursday toward scrubbing references to "Northern scum" and other Civil War-era phrases from the official state song.
European stock exchange operator Euronext NV is considering acquisitions to help it stay competitive after Deutsche Boerse AG and London Stock Exchange Group Plc agreed to merge in a $30 billion deal, according to people familiar with the matter. 
Sudan threatened on Thursday to close its recently reopened border with South Sudan, accusing its neighbor of supporting rebel groups.
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry is expected to find Islamic State committed genocide against Christians, Yazidis and other religious groups, a source familiar with matter said on Thursday.
South Africa's Communist Party, a member of a ruling alliance with the African National Congress, said on Thursday it was aware of an imminent cabinet reshuffle influenced by the Indian Gupta family which has ties to President Jacob Zuma.
The Syrian government said on Thursday the establishment of a federal system in Kurdish-controlled areas of northern Syria would have no legal or political impact, according to the state news agency SANA.
Syria's Kurdish-controlled northern regions voted to seek autonomy on Thursday, drawing rebukes from the Damascus government, neighboring power Turkey and Washington over a move that could complicate U.N.-backed peace talks.
President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday that Russia could scale up its military presence in Syria again within hours and would still bomb terrorist groups there despite a partial draw-down of forces ordered after military successes.
Egypt has unearthed further evidence that a secret chamber, believed by some to be the lost burial site of Queen Nefertiti, may lie behind King Tutankhamun's tomb, Egypt's antiquities minister said on Thursday.
The Latest on European efforts to respond to the migration crisis (all times local):
The closure of the subways in the nation's capital in the middle of the workweek to inspect and repair power cables that could otherwise burst into flames was just the latest symptom of a lengthy decline for the Metro system, once a source of regional pride.
Over two weeks after the United Nations slapped harsh new sanctions on North Korea, several Chinese shipping and trade sources say they have not been told of any curbs on the import of coal from the isolated nation - a lifeline for its struggling economy.
It was Day One for the traditional courtesy calls to senators, but there's not much about Merrick Garland's Supreme Court nomination that has adhered to tradition &#8212; or courtesy.
Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder on Thursday blamed career bureaucrats in Washington and his own state for the Flint water-contamination crisis, while the head of the federal Environmental Protection Agency faulted him and other state officials.
Some British asset managers face a rise in costs to keep selling one of Europe's most lucrative mutual funds to wealthy investors on the continent and beyond if the country votes to quit the European Union.
Bangladesh police launched a criminal investigation on Thursday into the cyber theft of $81 million from the central bank's U.S. account but said it was too early to pinpoint any suspects.
Kevin Klein's turnover in the opening minutes led to the Anaheim Ducks' opening goal.
The deputy international editor, Jodi Rudoren, sorted out the pronunciation — with a secret source.
What Republican candidates consider an American weakness seems like a strength when viewed from South Sudan.
Measuring something once every five years doesn’t give us the information we need.
An inquiry into environmental health and safety conditions in projects and homeless shelters was disclosed in court filings by Preet Bharara’s office.
You could argue that Sanders has been starved of much of the positive coverage — or that he has been saved from much of the negative.
“Turquoise Mountain,” organized by the Sackler and Freer, imports rug weavers, jewelers, carpenters and other artisans into museum precincts to show off their crafts.
The world’s largest coal company said that waning demand and stiffer regulations had raised doubt about whether it could continue outside bankruptcy.
The second iteration of the Getty Trust’s landmark Latin American art program in Southern California involves a tricky balancing act for curators.
Mr. Trump is far better than any other candidate — maybe any candidate ever — at drawing attention without having to advertise for it.
A selection of promising museum shows on everything from Asian megacities to Robert Mapplethorpe.
Japan posted its biggest trade surplus in over four years in February, thanks to a strengthening in the yen and weak oil prices, though both imports and exports fell, suggesting persisting slack demand both in Japan and overseas.
Russian Yulia Efimova could be facing a life ban from swimming after she tested positive for meldonium, the TASS news agency reported on Wednesday. 
New York's Plaza Hotel is set to go on sale in an auction next month, Bloomberg reported on Wednesday.
A family car owned by the nation's top auto safety regulator's family has been recalled to fix a faulty Takata air bag, but like millions of others, he's waiting for parts to make the repair.
A lead-contamination crisis in Flint, Michigan represents "a failure of government at all levels," but the main culprit is a state agency he oversees, Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder says.
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency chief Gina McCarthy ordered some top staff members in late September to focus on lead contamination in Flint, Michigan &#8212; after university researchers and local doctors warned that city residents were in danger &#8212; and said the matter "could get very big very quickly," according to emails released Wednesday.
An Ohio man accused of trying to recruit people to join the Islamic State group pleaded guilty Wednesday to a terrorism charge.
Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseny Yatseniuk has scraped through the biggest challenge to his leadership so far, lawmakers said on Wednesday, but still faces an uphill battle to achieve reforms that Western backers demand.
Investors describe it as one of the last frontiers for major agricultural expansion - a vast area in Brazil's poor northeast that the government is eager to open up to investors hoping to set up big new soy farms and cattle ranches. 
Still portraying itself as a victim, FIFA has now added some startling and self-aggrandizing claims about its role in making soccer the world's most popular sport.
It took a staggering 11 banks and 30 named bankers to seal the $30 billon (&#163;21.2 billion) tie-up between Deutsche Boerse and London Stock Exchange Group(LSE).
A veterinarian helped save the life of an ailing New Mexico dog after discovering the source of the pup's pain &#8212; a 6-inch long, 2-inch wide stuffed polar bear.
Air France-KLM no longer has firm orders, nor options for Airbus A380s, a spokeswoman for the Franco-Dutch airline said on Wednesday, confirming a Nikkei report.
French historians on Wednesday unveiled secret services' archives from World War II that offer a unique insight into underground operations led by both the Nazis and the French resistance &#8212; along with the individual paths taken by thousands of agents, including celebrities like French designer Coco Chanel.
French anti-terrorism police arrested a group with Islamist militant ties on Wednesday, suspecting one of them may have been planning an attack in Paris, France's interior minister said.
Words don't always come easy for the world's central bankers, as Mario Draghi was reminded last week.
State-run conglomerate China Merchants Group [CNMGP.UL] has made an informal bid to buy London's Baltic Exchange, becoming the latest contender for the business that has been the hub of the global shipping market for centuries, two sources told Reuters.    
State-run conglomerate China Merchants Group has made an informal bid to buy London's Baltic Exchange, becoming the latest contender for the business that has been the hub of the global shipping market for centuries, two sources told Reuters.    
Nigeria and Equatorial Guinea signed an agreement to establish combined patrols to bolster security in the Gulf of Guinea, which has been plagued by piracy in the last few years, a spokesman for Nigeria's president said on Wednesday.  
Britain will introduce a sugar levy on soft drinks in two years' time to tackle a growing obesity crisis, Chancellor George Osborne said in a surprise announcement on Wednesday, delighting health campaigners and angering drink makers.
President Barack Obama will nominate veteran appeals court judge Merrick Garland to the U.S. Supreme Court on Wednesday, several sources familiar with the selection process told Reuters.
Japan's Fujifilm Holdings Corp, which lost out to Canon Inc in the race to be picked as preferred bidder for conglomerate Toshiba Corp's medical unit, questioned Toshiba on Wednesday on the timing of the planned sale.
President Tayyip Erdogan pressed Turkey's parliament on Wednesday to broaden an anti-terrorism law without delay, saying those who support killers of innocent people were no different from terrorists themselves.
The Latest on a daylong shutdown of the Washington area's Metro subway system (all times local):
Just under half of Russia's fixed-wing strike force based in Syria has flown out of the country in the past two days, according to a Reuters calculation which suggests the Kremlin is accelerating its partial withdrawal.
Australia and Indonesia on Wednesday said they would formally resume long-stalled negotiations aimed at sealing a bilateral trade agreement between the often uneasy neighbors within 18 months.
Belgian private broadcaster VTM said on Wednesday that two  suspects have been detained after a shooting during a house raid in Brussels linked to investigations into November's Islamist attacks in Paris.
Pakistan's Supreme Court on Wednesday ordered the government to lift a travel ban on former military ruler Pervez Musharraf, paving the way for him to leave the country while awaiting trial for treason and other charges. 
Oil producers including Gulf OPEC members support holding talks next month on a deal to freeze output even if Iran declines to participate, OPEC sources said, increasing the likelihood of the first global supply deal in 15 years.
Just under half of Russia's fixed-wing strike force based in Syria has flown out of the country in the past two days, according to a Reuters calculation which suggests the Kremlin is accelerating its partial withdrawal.
In years past, hula students would make pilgrimages into ohia forests on Hawaii's Big Island to gather blossoms and leaves from the trees to adorn dancers' lei, hair, hands and feet for the world's most prestigious hula competition.
In his house — as in his acclaimed exhibitions — there’s always a good place to sit.
Here’s a list of U.S.-friendly demands he’d no doubt make and win.
Mr. Dana, 56, is the president and chief executive of Onex Real Estate Partners, the real estate arm of Onex, one of Canada’s largest private equity firms.
A congressional panel accused Susan Hedman of not responding forcefully enough when she learned the city was not adding an anti-corrosion chemical to the water supply.
The emissions scandal “intensively challenged” Volkswagen and its in-house bank, the unit’s chief said, and the unit expects costs to go up.
Only a few years after French troops scattered its fighters, Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb has regrouped and extended its reach in three nations.
A Senate panel will hold a hearing on the EB-5 visa program, which allows wealthy foreign investors, for a price, to put themselves on a path to citizenship.
Marco Rubio had all that you need in a Republican presidential candidate: fluency on the issues, a conservative outlook, crossover appeal as a Cuban-American, and youthful good looks.
Like his father before him, Dattatatraya Kshirsagar, 80, has been looking forward for years to the day when a $65 million dam will be completed in his village, an hour-and-a-half drive southeast of Mumbai.
The U.S. founding fathers "would be appalled" by a Department of Justice request to unlock an encrypted iPhone, Apple Inc said on Tuesday in its final brief before a court showdown next week.
Alleged sexual harassment that led to the firing of a University of California, Berkeley assistant basketball coach involved a female journalist who was sent sexual innuendo-filled text messages and whom the coach acknowledged "trying to trick" into his apartment after a game, according to an investigative report released Tuesday.
ICAP, which matches buyers and sellers of bonds, swaps and currencies, said it has become the first to distribute data on trades to customers using the same blockchain technology that underpins the virtual currency bitcoin.
Vladimir Putin cited Russian military success in Syria as his reason for scaling back his forces there. But his belief that the intervention delivered him a seat at the top table of world affairs is more likely to have tipped his hand.
Maine state police are looking into a claim that a boxing match used as punishment at a now-closed school for troubled teens preceded a student's death from a brain injury three decades ago.
Prescription painkillers should not be a first choice for treating common ailments like back pain and arthritis, according to new federal guidelines designed to reshape how doctors prescribe drugs like OxyContin and Vicodin.
A congressional panel on Tuesday criticized the Environmental Protection Agency and Michigan officials for failing to do more to sound the alarm about high levels of lead in the city of Flint's drinking water.
Royal Bank of Scotland plans to eliminate almost 500 UK-based jobs in its investment bank in an effort to cut costs, a source familiar with the matter said on Tuesday. 
Private equity firm Terra Firma has rejected two bids from a Chinese company for leasing group AWAS worth up to $2.2 billion (&#163;1.6 billion) in the latest evidence of attempted dealmaking in the aircraft financing business, two people familiar with the matter said.
None
The Latest on the lead contamination in Flint, Michigan's drinking water (all times local):
A news agency that supports Islamic State denied on Tuesday reports that the group's senior operative Abu Omar al-Shishani (the Chechen) had been killed or wounded.
Residential rents in Dublin have risen above peaks hit during a property boom a decade ago amid a severe housing shortage that threatens Ireland's attractiveness to multinational firms.
German payment processor Wirecard is the victim of "baseless" allegations by a previously unknown research firm that has dredged up long-discredited claims of financial fraud, its chief executive said in his first media interview on the subject.
Toshiba Corp is set to drop plans to seek about $1.8 billion in additional loans as its planned sale of a medical unit will likely provide it with enough funds for the time being, sources familiar with the situation said on Tuesday.
Omar al-Shishani, a top Islamic State commander who was a magnet for fighters from the former Soviet Union, has died of wounds suffered in a U.S. airstrike in Syria, a senior Iraqi intelligence official and the head of a Syrian activist group said Tuesday.
United Nations war crimes investigators on Syria said on Tuesday that lower-level perpetrators should be prosecuted by foreign authorities until senior military and political figures can be brought before international justice.
President Barack Obama is likely to announce either Judge Sri Srinivasan or Judge Merrick Garland as his pick for U.S. Supreme Court nominee and the announcement could come as early as Wednesday, a source familiar with the selection process said.
Legal &amp; General reported a capital position short of some forecasts on Tuesday, triggering a share price fall.
Former city and federal officials pointed fingers at one another for failing to protect the 100,000 citizens of Flint, Michigan, from lead-laced water at a congressional hearing Tuesday as Republicans targeted for blame an Environmental Protection Agency executive who resigned as the crisis worsened.
A first glance at aluminium prices on the London Metal Exchange yields few surprises, yet a closer look often reveals anomalies caused by one market participant holding large amounts of metal.
President Barack Obama said Tuesday he was dismayed by "vulgar and divisive rhetoric" directed at women and minorities as well as the violence that has occurred in the 2016 presidential campaign, a swipe at Republican front-runner Donald Trump that also served as a challenge to other political leaders to speak out and set a better example.
Five more states chime in to the rambunctious campaign 2016 conversation on Tuesday, and no one's listening with greater interest than Marco Rubio and John Kasich, both of them desperate to win their home states and avoid being flattened by Donald Trump's steamroller. On the Democratic side, Hillary Clinton is out to reclaim momentum after Bernie Sanders rocked her with a Rust Belt upset in Michigan.
Japan's Toshiba Corp revealed additional accounting irregularities on Tuesday after a multi-billion dollar accounting scandal last year, rekindling doubts over the company's pledge to improve transparency.
China, North Korea's most important ally, has reaffirmed its commitment to fully implement United Nations sanctions against Pyongyang over its recent nuclear tests and missile launches.
Brazil's former president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva will likely accept a position in President Dilma Rousseff's cabinet but plans to travel to Brasilia on Tuesday to discuss his options with her in person, a source said on Monday.
Arthur C. Brooks and Gail Collins on the spectacle of violence and the state of the campaign heading into Ohio, Florida, Illinois, Missouri and North Carolina.
Susan Hedman, who resigned in January, will tell a House panel on Tuesday that limited enforcement options kept her from acting more aggressively to address Flint’s lead problem.
A proposal to rezone parts of the city to build more housing is expected to pass the Council next week after satisfying critics who pushed for more units for low-income residents.
Across the oil industry, investors have been placing their bets that prices have hit bottom. But there is still a way to go before a full recovery.
George Bernard Shaw’s first play, highlighting the social ills of slums, is reframed as an individual’s moral struggle in this adaptation at Beckett Theater.
Prosecutors have broad discretion in how they obtain evidence, but the targets of an investigation have few tools to combat misuse of that authority.
Kim Kardashian West can take a nude photo and be praised (and paid) for her efforts, but many young fans might be exploited, harassed or shamed.
If you miss the digital-video recording functions of Windows Media Center, you can find other ways to watch and record your favorite broadcast shows.
A common source of soot is partly burned carbon fuel; perfumed room candles are a surprisingly big cause.
U.S. President Barack Obama, in an interview that aired on Monday, voiced concern about the struggling Venezuelan economy and said he did not want to see the country fail despite the tense relations between Washington and Caracas.
The latest filing in the legal war between the planet&#8217;s most powerful government and its most valuable company gave one indication of how the high-stakes confrontation could escalate even further.
Pakistani officials threatened to expel Afghanistan's Taliban from bases in Pakistan if they did not join peace talks this month, but the militants rebuffed their traditional patron, two officials said, casting doubt on how much influence Islamabad retains over them.
The state-appointed emergency manager who oversaw Flint, Michigan when its water source was switched to the Flint River says he relied on state and federal experts, but the experts failed him and the city of some 100,000 people.
Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver Martavis Bryant on Monday was suspended for a year by the NFL for a violation of the league's substance abuse policy.
The former chief executive of Chesapeake Energy tapped his vehicle’s brakes twice before a fatal accident earlier this month.
The Latest on storms in California (all times local):
Smartphones are the first thing many people turn to with questions about their health. But when it comes to urgent queries about issues like suicide, rape and heart attacks, phones can be pretty bad at offering good medical advice, a new study suggests. 
Argentine prosecutors are probing close to 100 companies, among them Brazilian firms, in an investigation into the suspected payment of bribes to government officials, a source with direct knowledge of the investigation said.
None
Mauritius' Finance Minister Seetanah Lutchmeenaraidoo has asked to be relieved of his post and his position will now be taken by the prime minister, the premier told reporters on Monday.
The U.S. Army is using a new crime reporting application for smart phones called "iWatch Army" at 17 U.S. bases to boost its anti-terrorism and anti-crime efforts, with another 100 military bases likely to follow suit this year, the app's developer said.
The two hedge funds that launched a boardroom fight with United Continental Holdings Inc last week oppose the airline's plans to give Chief Executive Oscar Munoz the additional role of chairman and have concerns about his compensation, according to a person familiar with the matter.
China's Anbang Insurance Group Co has challenged Marriott International Inc's merger with U.S. hotel operator Starwood with a $12.8 billion cash offer, burnishing its credentials as one of China's top corporate acquirers.
Three more former South African Football Association (SAFA) officials have been banned in relation to friendlies played by the national side in 2010, soccer's governing body FIFA said on Monday.
Serbian authorities found two dummy U.S.-made training missiles en route from Lebanon to the United States on a civil flight via Serbia, sources familiar with the matter said on Monday.
Before the shooting started, an armed man stood quietly at the entrance to a beachfront restaurant, holding a Kalashnikov rifle and coolly surveying the crowd. Francois Tanon, who rents beach chairs to tourists at Ivory Coast's Grand-Bassam resort town, thought the man was a security guard.
France has sent its largest business delegation in nearly two decades to Australia, talking up the economic benefits of its bid for a A$50-billion ($38-billion) contract to build a fleet of 12 stealth submarines for Australia.
As a part of its new report on global trends, the National Intelligence Council developed four not-so-rosy scenarios that could become reality given major stresses the world faces during the next 20 years.
Turkish warplanes struck Kurdish militant camps in northern Iraq on Monday, a day after 37 people were killed in an Ankara car bombing that security officials said involved two fighters - one female - from the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK).
France's foreign and interior ministers will travel to Ivory Coast on Tuesday to offer support after al Qaeda's North African arm killed 16 people, including four French nationals, in an attack on a beach resort there on Sunday, diplomatic sources said. 
Globalization has meant lower prices for Americans, but it’s meant lower wages, too.
This Alex Timbers revival includes a bluegrass band and a rogues’ gallery of oddball comic performers in this musical based on a Eudora Welty novella.
As three states voted, the ascendance of the Alternative for Germany pointed to strains from the chancellor’s policy of accepting refugees.
Bank of Japan (BOJ) officials have been scurrying to commercial banks to explain and apologize for its surprise adoption of negative interest rates in January, while Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has distanced himself from a decision that is proving unpopular with the public.
New Caledonia will remove restrictions on the sale of nickel ore to China, according to a report in the Australian newspaper that  cited no sources.
U.S. President Barack Obama promised one of Cuba's most prominent dissident groups he would raise the issues of freedom of speech and assembly with Cuban President Raul Castro during his March 20-22 visit to the Caribbean island.
A car bomb tore through a crowded transport hub in the Turkish capital, Ankara, on Sunday, killing at least 34 people and wounding 125 in the second such attack in the administrative heart of the city in under a month.
Gunmen from al Qaeda's North African branch killed 16 people, including four Europeans, at a beach resort town in Ivory Coast on Sunday, the latest in a string of deadly attacks that have confirmed the Islamists' growing reach in West Africa.
The cost of managing the migrant crisis in Greece will exceed a previous estimate of 600 million euros ($670 million) as more and more refugees are forced to remain in the country, Bank of Greece Governor Yannis Stournaras said on Sunday.
As a part of its new report on global trends, the National Intelligence Council developed four not-so-rosy scenarios that could become reality given major stresses the world faces during the next 20 years.
The two hedge funds that launched a boardroom fight with United Continental Holdings Inc last week oppose the airline's plans to give Chief Executive Oscar Munoz the additional role of chairman and have concerns about his compensation, according to a person familiar with the matter.
The Bank of Japan's policy board is set to discuss this week whether to exempt $90 billion (63 billion pounds) in short-term funds from its newly imposed negative interest rate, people familiar with the matter said, after the securities industry warned that investment money would be driven into bank deposits.
Sunday’s bleak episode filled in the gaps from last week, depicting Carol and Maggie’s capture.
Mr. Snyder is facing mounting attacks over the way he handled the contaminated water in Flint and the tattered public schools in Detroit.
Protection from the hazards of lead paint; illegal sublets; and air conditioner charges are addressed this week.
Mary Lou Bruner, who is running for a Texas Board of Education seat, posted on Facebook that “a reliable source” had told her President Obama was once a prostitute.
Celebrating its 50th anniversary, Jacqueline Susann’s book (and the film that followed) inspired many brands. Now her estate is getting involved.
The Lower East Side Tenement Museum in Manhattan offers visitors a tour of a building where an Irish family lived nearly 150 years ago.
Rick Bass writes to save our wild places, but also to save what’s wild and humane within us.
Opening a window is not the only option. Technology, energy-saving programs and old-fashioned plumbing may help.
To get her attention, Ricky Phung tripped Sharon Zhen in high school, but she had already fallen for him a year before.
Mr. White could depart from the mainstream to produce “The Rocky Horror Show,” “Oh! Calcutta!” and “Monty Python and the Holy Grail.”
The director, who died in January, has two works now on disc: his debut, “Paris Belongs to Us,” and the sprawling, multipart “Out 1.”
The performer’s work, which is having an encore run at 3LD Art &amp; Technology Center, is continually being refined.
A longtime theater professional explains what makes musicals work..
Jane Siberry, Kilo Kish, Dan Weiss and Dreamboat have released new albums.
Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver Martavis Bryant faces a one-year suspension, ESPN reported.
U.S. President Barack Obama will come to London in April and urge British voters to back continued membership of the European Union, The Independent on Sunday newspaper reported.
China's Anbang Insurance Group has agreed to acquire Strategic Hotels &amp; Resorts Inc for around $6.5 billion, as the owner of New York's iconic Waldorf Astoria expands its U.S. hotel portfolio, a person briefed on the matter said Saturday.
Police are investigating whether former Russian Press Minister Mikhail Lesin, who was found dead in a Washington hotel in November, was brutally assaulted before returning to the hotel, a U.S. law enforcement source said on Friday.
On the London stage, “Welcome Home, Captain Fox!,” “The Maids” and “The Patriotic Traitor.”
Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder's administration has a goal of creating 1,000 new jobs in Flint as a way of helping recover from the ongoing crisis sparked by lead in the city's water.
Rebels shot down a Syrian government warplane over western Syria on Saturday, rebels and a military source said, although there were conflicting accounts on whether it had been brought down by a missile or anti-aircraft guns.
Fourteen years ago, University of South Dakota anthropology professor Matthew Sayre unearthed pepper tree seed from the southern tip of Peru, unaware he'd stumbled upon a spent ingredient from a small 1,000-year-old brewery.
A Russia Defence Ministry center in Syria received reports on Saturday of Turkish shelling of Kurdish positions in Syria's Aleppo province, RIA news agency reported, while Turkey said it had been targeting Islamic State positions.
Slovak Prime Minister Robert Fico's efforts to form a new government got a boost on Saturday after the head of a rival party said it would negotiate with him after all.
Syria's government on Saturday ruled out any discussion of the fate of the presidency at peace talks this week, just as the lead opposition negotiator said a political transition could not even start unless Bashar al-Assad was no longer president.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi said Asia's third-largest economy has never undervalued its exchange rate to boost trade and signalled the country would not join other countries in pushing their currencies lower. 
A group of Flint families with children has filed new lawsuits in the Michigan city's water crisis, accusing private companies of professional negligence and government employees of misconduct that led to the contamination of the water supply.
The White House has narrowed its search for a U.S. Supreme Court nominee to three federal appeals court judges, Sri Srinivasan, Merrick Garland and Paul Watford, a source familiar with the selection process said on Friday.
Karma al-Khayat had been fined 10,000 euros for defying a court order to remove information about confidential witnesses from her TV station’s website.
The document, sent that summer, urged principals and custodians to have everyone run the water in fountains before drinking in an effort “to reduce the risk of possible lead contamination.”
The last-minute deal came just over a day before workers could have gone on strike, which officials said could have crippled commuting into New York City.
Some technology experts say two artists are overselling their prowess regarding the digital swiping of a bust of the queen at a Berlin museum.
Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder on Friday called for an investigation of how his health department handled an outbreak of Legionnaires' disease in the Flint area as well as high lead levels among residents who were drinking tainted water from the Flint River.
The White House has narrowed its search for a Supreme Court nominee to three federal appeals court judges, Sri Srinivasan, Merrick Garland and Paul Watford, a source familiar with the selection process said on Friday.
A group of Flint families with children has filed new lawsuits in the Michigan city's water crisis, accusing private companies of professional negligence and government employees of misconduct that led to the contamination of the water supply.
At least three major U.S. companies, AT&amp;T Inc, Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Worldwide Inc and Marriott International Inc, are seeking to complete deals in Cuba as President Barack Obama prepares to visit Havana, a person familiar with the discussions said on Friday.
A cache of leaked documents containing the names of recruits into the Islamic State group includes references to several of the men who carried out the November attacks in Paris, a German broadcaster reported Friday. Security officials and counterterrorism analysts said the cache could provide valuable clues into how the group lures followers and how vast its global recruiting networks are.
Algeria's army said on Friday it had killed three Islamist militants near the eastern city of El Oued and seized a large quantity of weapons including six anti-aircraft missiles.
Police are investigating whether former Russian Press Minister Mikhail Lesin, who was found dead in a Washington hotel in November, was brutally assaulted before returning to the hotel, a U.S. law enforcement source said on Friday.
Syria's main opposition group said it would attend peace talks on Monday but accused the government of President Bashar al-Assad of preparing to escalate the war to strengthen its negotiating position. 
The European Central Bank embarked on a rearguard action to win over skeptical investors on Friday, a day after chief Mario Draghi unveiled a new stimulus package but blunted its impact by suggesting the ECB would not cut interest rates again.
Italy's top appeals court has rejected an attempt to overthrow a verdict that last year acquitted former UniCredit head Alessandro Profumo and 19 other bank managers in an alleged tax fraud case at the Italian lender, a judicial source said.
A pivotal trial against McDonald's that began this week is providing a peek into the inner workings of the maker of the Big Mac.
The Arab League labelled Shi'ite Muslim Hezbollah a terrorist organisation on Friday, Egyptian state media said, as tensions rise between Sunni and Shi'ite powers across the Middle East.
A group of former Skype technologists, backed by the co-founder of the messaging platform, has introduced a new version of its own messaging service that promises end-to-end encryption for all conversations, including by video.
The Syrian army backed by Russian air strikes is aiming to capture the historic city of Palmyra from Islamic State to open a road to the eastern province of Deir al-Zor in an offensive that got under way this week, a source close to the Syrian government said.
Replacing potentially lethal Takata Corp air bags in a mass recall is more challenging and time-consuming than expected as rival parts suppliers struggle to make bag inflators that replicate the originals fitted by the Japanese firm.
Former first lady Nancy Reagan will be buried at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library in Simi Valley, next to her husband.
Oil prices might have bottomed as production declines in the United States and other non-OPEC producers accelerate and an increase in Iranian supply has been less than dramatic, the International Energy Agency said on Friday.
Oil rose up to 2 percent on Friday, with U.S. crude gaining for a fourth straight week, after the world's energy watchdog said the market may have hit bottom, although Goldman Sachs said the 50 percent rally in under two months was "premature."
The first delivery of Russia's S-300 missile defence system to Iran will take place in August or September this year, RIA news agency on Friday quoted Sergei Chemezov, the head of Russia's industrial conglomerate Rostec, as saying.
Nestlé USA is voluntarily recalling a limited number of DiGiorno, Lean Cuisine and Stouffer’s products.
The Justice Department said “no single corporation” — even one as successful as Apple — should be allowed to flout the rule of law.
Several title teams, which failed to secure automatic berths in the tournament through conference postseason play, now need invitations from the selection committee.
Friday marks the fifth anniversary of the powerful earthquake and subsequent tsunami that hit Japan, swallowing coastal villages, leaving more than 18,000 people dead or missing and devastating large swaths of the country's northeastern coastal area. Some places are still unlivable and require massive reconstruction to restore infrastructure, houses and people's lives. Here's a look, by the numbers, at the March 11, 2011, disaster:
Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro insisted on Thursday his opponents would fail in a new push to oust him this year and end 17 years of socialist rule in the OPEC nation.
United Nations rights experts and more than 200 campaign groups called on the government of Honduras on Thursday to protect a key witness in the killing of activist Berta Caceres that has sparked widespread international condemnation. 
The selection of Pratt &amp; Whitney to build the engines for the new Northrop Grumman Corp B-21 bomber should help Pratt lower the cost of its F135 engines that power the Lockheed Martin Corp F-35 fighter jet, a top Air Force general said Thursday.
Replacing potentially lethal Takata Corp air bags in a mass recall is more challenging and time-consuming than expected as rival parts suppliers struggle to make bag inflators that replicate the originals fitted by the Japanese firm.
Former Russian Press Minister Mikhail Lesin, who was found dead in a Washington hotel room last year, died of blunt force injuries to the head, U.S. authorities said on Thursday.
None
Trying to come back from a series of elbow injuries, Oakland pitcher Jarrod Parker hurt his elbow yet again on the 12th pitch of a simulated game Thursday.
President Barack Obama said Thursday the Supreme Court needs to operate with its full contingent of nine justices as he signaled he will soon announce his nominee to replace the late Justice Antonin Scalia.
Fifteen years after calling the open-source operating system Linux a "cancer," former Microsoft Corp Chief Executive Steve Ballmer has softened his position.
Pistachios sold under the brands of Wonderful, Paramount Farms and Trader Joe's have been recalled nationwide because they may be contaminated with salmonella.
A spokesman for Gov. Rick Snyder said Thursday that a law firm hired to help the governor cooperate with criminal probes stemming from Flint's lead-contaminated water crisis will focus primarily on searching and processing emails and state documents sought by investigators.
Wisconsin officials have revised down to 15 the number of deaths that may be related to an outbreak of Elizabethkingia bacteria that has infected a total of 48 people, most of them elderly, over the past five months.
Nestle USA says it is voluntarily recalling a limited number of DiGiorno, Lean Cuisine and Stouffer's products because of the possibility they might contain small pieces of glass.
Americans' household wealth jumped in the final three months of last year, pushed higher by rising stock prices and greater home values. That leaves many households, particularly wealthy ones, with more money to spend &#8212; a potential boost to economic growth.
A group of former Skype technologists, backed by the co-founder of the messaging platform, has introduced a new version of its own messaging service that promises end-to-end encryption for all conversations, including by video.
Google is previewing the next version of its Android operating system two months ahead of schedule in an effort to get the upgraded software on more mobile devices.
President Barack Obama said on Wednesday he hoped "cooler heads will prevail" and that the Republican-led Senate will act on his U.S. Supreme Court nominee but top Republicans dug in their heels, defending their refusal to consider anyone Obama picks.
The military plans to examine hundreds of sites nationwide to determine whether chemicals from foam used to fight fires have contaminated groundwater and spread to drinking water, the Defense Department said.
FireEye Inc's Mandiant forensics division is helping investigate a cyber heist at Bangladesh's central bank last month that netted more than $80 million, people familiar with the matter told Reuters on Thursday.
A UK decision to leave the European Union would deprive the EU of one of its best-rated members, leaving the bloc and its investment bank vulnerable to credit rating downgrade. 
A meeting between oil producers to discuss a global pact on freezing production is unlikely to take place in Russia on March 20, sources familiar with the matter say, as OPEC member Iran is yet to say whether it would participate in such a deal.
Two Chinese firms are pushing for multi-billion dollar deals with Iran to build a high-speed railway and modernise its shipping fleet following the lifting of most sanctions against Tehran, sources with knowledge of the negotiations said.      
None
China's education minister said Thursday that the country's second-tier universities should gradually reform their curricula to produce graduates with technical skills that better match the needs of the labor market.
Thousands of files have surfaced with personal data on members of the Islamic State group &#8212; documents that might help authorities track down and prosecute foreign fighters who returned home after joining the extremists, or identify those who recruited them in the first place.
Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif and his U.S. counterpart John Kerry have not discussed Iran's missile tests, a source told Iran's Students News Agency ISNA on Thursday.
President Barack Obama on Thursday signaled that his announcement of a Supreme Court nominee could come soon, saying the nation's highest court needs to operate at full strength.
Israel denied Jerusalem residency Thursday to the relatives of a Palestinian man who shot at police officers in Jerusalem, wounding two before he was killed by security forces, police said.
A senior Revolutionary Guards commander has said that Iran's ballistic missile program will not stop under any circumstances and that Tehran has missiles ready to be fired, according to Iranian state television.
In this town of 2,800 just south of the Canadian border, residents have long worried about the water flowing from their taps.
The White House is interviewing five potential nominees for the U.S. Supreme Court vacancy created by the death last month of Justice Antonin Scalia, a source familiar with the process told Reuters on Wednesday.
In his search for a Supreme Court nominee, President Barack Obama is zeroing in on a small group of appellate court judges whose bipartisan credentials and traditional judicial pedigree the White House hopes will increase pressure on Republicans vowing to block whomever Obama nominates in an election year.

A blood infection known as Elizabethkingia has been linked to 18 deaths in Wisconsin and local health officials and the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention are investigating the source, officials said on Wednesday.
Technology companies could face civil penalties for refusing to comply with court orders to help investigators access encrypted data under draft legislation nearing completion in the U.S. Senate, sources familiar with continuing discussions told Reuters on Wednesday.  
Mexican construction firm ICA has readied a bankruptcy protection filing in case it fails to restructure its hefty debt load outside of court, people familiar with the matter said, adding the board was meeting on Wednesday to discuss its plans.
It might be the most important piece of financial information about you &#8212; and it's finally easier for you to actually get a look at it.
A national push to abolish sales tax on tampons is gaining steam. Here's how states rate on the issue:
None
Islamic State militants attacked a checkpoint south of the Libyan city of Misrata on Wednesday, killing three security personnel, a military source said, after an air strike in Sirte killed three children and wounded their mother.
Latvia expressed sadness on Wednesday over the banning of the drug that has cast a pall over the career of tennis star Maria Sharapova, describing it as "one of the most significant accomplishments" of the tiny nation's scientists.
Some West Virginia lawmakers and Capitol staffers had a very bad weekend after drinking raw milk to celebrate a law loosening restrictions on the product. Now state health officials are investigating whether the milk was to blame for their fever, vomiting and diarrhea, and weighing allegations the raw-milk party broke the law.
The African Union will send a mission to northern Mali in the next few weeks to look into setting up a counter-terrorism force to support vulnerable U.N. peacekeepers, sources familiar with the matter said.
In the wake of Michael Brown's death, the federal government wants to require the Ferguson Police Department to check all new hires against a database of officers who have been stripped of their law enforcement licenses for misconduct.
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has sent additional investigators to Wisconsin to find the source of a blood infection that officials described as the largest outbreak of the bacteria now linked to at least 15 deaths.
A Chipotle store in Massachusetts was closed Wednesday amid concerns some employees had contracted the norovirus.
Millennials were once a source of panic in the auto industry. Dubbed the "go nowhere" generation, they weren't getting driver's licenses, never mind buying cars. Headlines declared it was "The End of Car Culture."
Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseny Yatseniuk urged lawmakers on Wednesday to back him, sack him or force snap elections as lawmakers held talks with potential replacements.
Several firefighters were slightly hurt when a blast leveled several businesses as they checked on a natural gas leak in north Seattle early Wednesday, officials said.
Turkey has partly completed a military campaign near its southeastern border, raising hopes an idled Iraqi oil pipeline  nearby could soon reopen after a three-week outage that has squeezed the already cash-strapped Kurdistan region's finances.
Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will be talked about Thursday:
Chocolate maker and retailer Hotel Chocolat said it would raise 50 million pounds in a listing on London's junior AIM market to fund new stores and increase its manufacturing capacity.
Volkswagen shares fell as much as 4 percent on Wednesday, as an analyst warned the carmaker might need to make a big cut to its dividend to help pay for the growing number of regulatory and judicial probes over its emissions test cheating.
Iran has managed to sell only modest volumes of oil to Europe since the lifting of sanctions seven weeks ago and several former buyers are staying away, citing legal complications and Tehran's reluctance to sweeten terms to win back customers.
Sharp Corp's two main banks are set to lower interest rates on billions of dollars in loans and offer other financial support as part of a planned takeover by Taiwan's Foxconn, a source with direct knowledge of the plan said.
A court issued an unprecedented order Wednesday for a nuclear reactor near Kyoto to stop operating and ordered a second one to stay offline.
Cyprus might soon be excluded from the European Central Bank's bond-buying programme because its credit rating is below investment grade and it is likely to exit its bailout programme at the end of March, an ECB spokesman said on Tuesday.
A container of radioactive material for industrial X-rays that was stolen in Mexico more than a week ago has been located and poses no risk to people, the interior ministry said on Tuesday.
Corrections appearing in print on Wednesday, March 9, 2016.
President Obama is looking past his time in office and weighing a plan that would preserve at least the principle of a two-state solution for his successor to pursue.
The city’s tourism-marketing agency plans to announce a forecast of 59.7 million visitors this year, an increase from last year’s record of 58.3 million.
A researcher breaks down the key findings of an analysis of the streaming service’s effect on traditional television.
Google is retiring the free photo-editing program and urging its users to give the newer Google Photos software a try.
Groundbreaking is expected soon on former industrial land in Sayreville, for a development that is to include retail space, housing and hotels.
A brazen takeover of my newspaper is just the latest power grab by Turkey’s president.
Lately, the Communist Party has shown no hesitation about striking out at anyone who questions its control of the news media.
The West African street-food snack can be piled into a sandwich with a spicy bite.
That manhattan or old-fashioned may have more than one type of bourbon or rye.
Amnesty International and other non-governmental organizations on Tuesday criticized the official investigation into the murder of an environmental rights activist in Honduras, urging foreign experts to intervene.
Sharp Corp's two main banks are set to lower the interest rates on a combined 700 billion yen ($6.2 billion) in loans to the Japanese display maker as part of a planned takeover by Taiwan's Foxconn, a source with direct knowledge of the plan said.
Sharp Corp's two main banks are set to lower interest rates on billions of dollars in loans and offer other financial support as part of a planned takeover by Taiwan's Foxconn, a source with direct knowledge of the plan said.
In the day following Russian tennis star Maria Sharapova's admission that she failed a drug test, sponsors Nike, Porsche and Swiss watchmaker Tag Heuer dropped her like a hot potato.
A former New York University student from China was sentenced on Tuesday to 16 years in prison after being convicted of trying to buy the deadly toxin ricin on a secretive website in order to sell it in the form of "simple and easy death pills."
The U.S. Justice Department sent German automaker Volkswagen AG a subpoena under a bank fraud law in its diesel emissions probe, a person briefed on the matter said Tuesday.
U.S. Olympic athletes expressed little sympathy for tennis star Maria Sharapova's revelation that she failed a drug test, saying they wanted sporting officials to raise the pressure for clean play.
FBI agents involved in the traffic stop that led to the killing of one of the armed occupiers of an Oregon wildlife refuge are under investigation for not disclosing they fired shots that missed Robert "LaVoy" Finicum, authorities said Tuesday.
President Barack Obama's administration will announce further measures to ease travel and trade restrictions on Cuba on March 17, ahead of his historic visit to the Communist-ruled island this month, U.S. congressional sources said on Tuesday.
Chinese telecommunications equipment maker ZTE Corp has urged its U.S. suppliers to apply for export licensee to satisfy newly imposed U.S. trade restrictions, a source with direct knowledge of the situation told Reuters on Tuesday. 
Reports that Iran has conducted new ballistic missile tests capable of carrying nuclear weapons are a concern and would violate U.N. Security Council resolutions if confirmed, a French diplomatic source said on Tuesday.
Cyprus might soon be excluded from the European Central Bank's bond-buying programme because its credit rating is below investment grade and it is likely to exit its bailout programme at the end of March, an ECB spokesman said on Tuesday.
Marcelo Odebrecht, the former chief executive of Latin America's largest construction company, was sentenced on Tuesday to 19 years in prison for his role in an escalating corruption scandal rattling the government of President Dilma Rousseff.
Management upheaval at EDF has exposed Britain's reliance on the French energy group's ability to deliver a planned 18 billion pound nuclear power plant in southwest England.
German insurer Allianz plans to sue Volkswagen in the coming weeks to seek compensation for a severe drop in the car maker's share price stemming from the "Dieselgate" emissions scandal, a source familiar with the situation said on Tuesday.
Oil and gas major Chevron Corp will slash its capital budget by as much as 36 percent in 2017 and 2018, a cash-saving bid to preserve its 90-year-old dividend as it copes with crude prices &lt;CLc1&gt; near 10-year lows.
Indonesian security officials say the government would find a way to ensure an alleged Southeast Asian terror chief doesn't return to Indonesia under President Barack Obama's contentious plan to close the U.S. prison at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
The Latest on campaign 2016 as Michigan, Mississippi, Idaho and Hawaii vote for nominees (all times Eastern Standard Time):
The former chief executives of major Brazilian builders Odebrecht SA [ODBES.UL] and OAS Empreendimentos SA [OAS.UL] could strike plea bargain deals with prosecutors in the Petrobras probe, newspaper O Globo reported on Tuesday.
The United Nations and human rights groups warned on Tuesday that a tentative European Union deal to send back all irregular migrants to Turkey in exchange for political and financial rewards could be illegal.
German insurer Allianz plans to sue Volkswagen over the sharp drop in its shares as a result of the carmaker's diesel emissions scandal, a source familiar with the situation told Reuters.
Burberry is attempting to identity a mystery investor who has built up a stake of nearly 5 percent in the company, pushing its shares to a five-month high on Tuesday on speculation of a potential takeover bid.
German insurer Allianz plans to sue Volkswagen over the sharp drop in its shares as a result of the carmaker's diesel emissions scandal, a source familiar with the situation told Reuters.
Mapletree Investments Pte Ltd, the real estate business of state investor Temasek Holdings, said on Tuesday it had bought a portfolio of 25 student accommodation assets, comprising 5,500 beds, in the United Kingdom.
Most major Asian stock benchmarks weakened Wednesday as investor waited to see what steps policymakers would take to help revive flagging growth during a European Central Bank.
South Korea said on Tuesday it would impose new sanctions against 40 individuals and 30 entities because of suspected links to North Korea's weapons program and would ban vessels that had stopped at North Korean ports in the past 180 days.
South Korean automaker Ssangyong Motor Co, owned by India's Mahindra &amp; Mahindra, is preparing for a "make or break" foray into the U.S. market under a new company name as early as 2019, its chief executive said on Tuesday.
Swiss watchmaker TAG Heuer cut ties with tennis star Maria Sharapova on Tuesday, the latest sponsor after Nike and Porsche to distance itself from the world's highest-paid female athlete following her failed drug test.
South Korea said Tuesday it is imposing unilateral sanctions on North Korea over its recent nuclear test and rocket launch, including a ban on financial dealings with 40 individuals and 30 entities.
Goldman Sachs' Southeast Asia chairman, Tim Leissner, resigned last month after he had allegedly violated the firm's internal rules, a person familiar with the matter said on Tuesday, confirming a Wall Street Journal report. 
Of the 144 detainees transferred under the Obama administration, seven are known to have engaged in militant acts, the report said.
The suspect, James Patrick Dillon, 23, congregated with a group of men who were viewed more as lost than as a menace. Some who knew him said he had been deteriorating.
The show, from the team behind the popular “Welcome to Night Vale,” promises a novelistic story in a serialized form, with dark plot turns.
Drawing on the Books of Samuel, this ABC drama focuses on King Saul as he tries to unite the 12 tribes of Israel against the Philistines.
Researchers may have advanced a theory on the graffiti artist’s identity by using a variation of a technique used to track down criminals.
Efforts in Chianti to reduce an exploding population of wild boars and deer, which devour grapes and the vines’ tender sprouts, are creating issues of their own.
Facing off in Flint, Mich., two days before the state’s primary, the rivals displayed impatience, passion, policy knowledge and, perhaps, fatigue.
Chinese telecommunications equipment maker ZTE Corp has asked its U.S. business partners to apply for export licenses, in line with U.S. restrictions imposed on the company, a source with direct knowledge of the situation told Reuters on Tuesday. 
Chinese telecommunications equipment maker ZTE Corp has urged its U.S. suppliers to apply for export licensee to satisfy newly imposed U.S. trade restrictions, a source with direct knowledge of the situation told Reuters on Tuesday. 
Peyton Manning walked away from the National Football League as he announced his retirement on Monday, but the NFL is not yet done with its investigation into allegations tying him to human growth hormone.
A group of Flint, Michigan, parents and their children filed a class action on Monday alleging that gross negligence by Michigan Governor Rick Snyder and others caused the city's drinking water to become contaminated with lead.
None
Symphony, the WhatsApp for the financial world, will significantly increase its user base this year at major institutions including a top asset manager, shareholder Goldman Sachs said on Monday.
A lawsuit stemming from Flint's lead-contaminated water was filed Monday on behalf of the city's residents against Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder as well as other current and former government officials and corporations.
A gruesome murder goes unreported in Russia because TV executives forget that their job is to report what happens, not propaganda.
If the merger between London Stock Exchange and Deutsche Boerse goes ahead, it could be the final mega-deal in the industry as further combinations of such scale are likely to hit antitrust buffers.
Toshiba Corp plans an extraordinary executive meeting on Wednesday, indicating the troubled conglomerate will settle on a preferred bidder for its healthcare unit, two people with knowledge of the process said on Monday.
Two Somali soldiers and an African Union peacekeeper were wounded when Islamist militants detonated a bomb outside an airport in the south central town of Beledweyne, the group and a local military source said on Monday.
Foreign governments are pressing authorities and executives in Saudi Arabia to ensure that local construction firms make delayed salary payments to thousands of workers, a sign of pressure on the kingdom's economy due to low oil prices.
Chinese telecommunications equipment maker ZTE Corp has urged its U.S. suppliers to apply for export licences to satisfy newly imposed U.S. trade restrictions, a source with direct knowledge of the situation told Reuters on Tuesday. 
Oregon officials this week will release test results on soil from neighborhoods near two Portland glass factories accused of spewing toxic metals into the air for years, a revelation that has led to a class-action suit and demands for more oversight.
The UK government supports plans by French energy company EDF to build a new nuclear power station in Britain, Prime Minister David Cameron's spokeswoman said on Monday after the company's finance director resigned.
An Australian Navy ship has seized a huge cache of weapons near Oman's coast from a fishing vessel bound for Somalia, the navy said on Monday, exposing a possible violation of a U.N. Security Council arms embargo.
Sri Lanka will receive a loan of $1.5 billion from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) to boost foreign exchange reserves and avert a balance of payments problem, a government minister said on Monday.
The first known ransomware attack on Apple Inc's Mac computers, which was discovered over the weekend, was downloaded more than 6,000 times before the threat was contained, according to a developer whose product was tainted with the malicious software. 
French utility EDF said it would push ahead with a plan to build nuclear reactors in Britain, despite its finance director quitting over the risk he sees it poses to the company's future.
A Japanese submarine will visit the Philippines for the first time in 15 years, along with two warships that will then sail on to Vietnam, in a show of support for nations opposed to Beijing's ambitions in the South China Sea, a person familiar with the matter said.
When it comes to water, only about half of Americans are very confident in the safety of what's flowing from their tap, according to an Associated Press-GfK poll, which found that trust is even weaker among minorities and people with lower incomes.
Here's how U.S. and world political leaders are reacting to the death of former U.S. first lady Nancy Reagan:
Indian conglomerate Mahindra &amp; Mahindra is re-thinking the strategy for its loss-making Korean automaker Ssangyong Motor Co, tapping the brakes on its planned push into the United States to focus instead on China. 
Dozens of Islamist fighters stormed through the Tunisian town of Ben Guerdan near the Libyan border on Monday, attacking army and police posts in a raid that killed at least 53 people, including civilians, the government and residents said.
The Bank of Japan (BOJ) is expected to cut next fiscal year's economic and price forecasts at a quarterly review in April, sources say, reflecting growing gloom in the bank after its most recent stimulus measures fell on stony ground.
The Flint water crisis has united Democrats Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders in outrage, but some residents suffering through the city's major public health scandal want more than talking points from the presidential contenders.
"This is a conversation between two children," Graciela Lage Delgado tells a rapt class of third-graders, tightly enunciating each English word from a textbook called "Welcome to America."
Recent mishaps show that it’s time to retire New York’s aging nuclear plant.
Following is a transcript of the Democratic debate, as transcribed by the Federal News Service.
As conflict rages elsewhere in Libya, a precarious order holds in the capital, as heavily armed militias and politicians, nominally allied, vie for control.
The Red Bulls reached the conference finals last year with a high-press offense, but Toronto slowed things down and left with a shutout.
Elisa Monte stepped down after 35 years at the helm of her company. Tiffany Rea-Fisher is the new artistic director.
Her face marked and still red, Holly Holm stared blankly ahead as Conor McGregor walked in, looking a lot worse for the wear himself.
Russia's Gazprom is counting on its deep natural gas ties with Italy to revive plans aimed at bypassing Ukraine as a transit state for politically sensitive gas shipments to Europe. 
French utility EDF's Finance Director Thomas Piquemal has resigned over the company's plan to build nuclear reactors in Britain, a source familiar with the situation said on Sunday. 
